-suryakumar-yadav-will-continue-to-do-this-for-a-long-time-australia-great-taken-aback-by-sky-s-stunning-consistency-101667821374895.
suryakumar yadav is emerging out to be one of the biggest match-winners for team india in the t20 world cup. currently, the right handed batter is the third highest run-scorer of the tournament. in five matches, he has amassed 225 runs at an average of 75 with explosive strike-rate of 193.96. he is setting new milestones in t20is and it seems more incredible considering the fact that he made his india debut only last year.
suryakumar, 32, has completely blown away his critics and turned many a legends of the game into his fans, one of which is shane watson. the former australia all-rounder has lavished special praise on the india middle-order batter, mentioningabout how suryakumar has aced the australian conditions despite this being his first time playing down under.
also read: 'when it comes to a game against england…': ravi shastri picks between karthik, pant for india's t20 world cup semifinal
"it really is a treat to be able to watch sky bat over the last two years watching him in the ipl and performing as well as he has. but then to be able to turn it on like he has in international cricket as well is something to behold. what he's able to do in these foreign conditions in australia alone is something that not many people have ever been able to do in t20 cricket," watson said on icc website.
the former australian cricketer further talked about how well suryakumar was able to read the bowlers and execute his shots as per the field settings after sky blasted an unbeaten 61 off just 25 balls in india's last super 12 match against zimbabwe at the world cup. suryakumar, due to his unbelievable ability to play a string of unorthodox shots, almost has will, has got everyone talking about how he is the new '360-degree batter' or the modern version of the great ab de villiers. and watson is no exception. one of suryakumar's standout traits that has caught watson's attention is how frequently sky is producing such match-winning knocks
"it's a really rare talent where his ability to really read a bowler, where he's going to bowl and where the fielders are, and his control over where the ball goes, it's a very rare talent. we haven't really seen it much before," highlighted watson.
“to be able to do it so consistently, to be able to do it in one or two games, that can happen. but to be able to do it so consistently in the big games? he is a special talent and it doesn't look like anything's going to change. it looks like he's going to be out to continue to do this for a long time. it just looks low-risk, even though what he does is high risk."
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
