how-about-india-vs-pakistan-final-ex-players-react-as-babar-azam-s-men-beat-the-odds-to-reach-t20-world-cup-semis-101667725150417.
pakistan fans may have started the day thinking that they would have to hope for a major upset in india's match against zimbabwe after they hopefully see their team beat bangladesh in the 2022 t20 world cup. they ended up getting far more than they would have ever dared to hope with south africa sinking to a 13-run defeat to the netherlands, which made india's match result inconsequential for pakistan and their match against bangladesh becoming a virtual quarter-final.
during the game itself, shaheen afridi finally seem to have recovered from his injury as he took his first-ever t20i four-wicket haul to restrict bangladesh to a score of 127/8. pakistan, however, struggled in the chase with openers babar azam and mohammad rizwan not able to score freely in the first 10 overs. in the end, shan masood calmly saw pakistan over the line and the team are for now top of the group 2.
former players from both india and pakistan were ecstatic with how the team managed to reach the final, even hoping for a final between the two arch-rivals.
suddenly the flavour is back in the world cup .. pakistan thru for the semi finals .. how bout india vs pakistan final
presenting motm award to @ishaheenafridi with a great pride & best wishes as pakistan ???? fan. #pakvban #icct20worldcup2022 well done young man ?? pic.twitter.com/lydpb8fgwk
yeh cheez! well done boys and excited to see how haris in the mix, and the entire bowling inning was the best in todays match specially shaheen. mubarak to all of pakistan
happy for pakistan. they deserved a bit of fortune in this tournament.
getting better day by day the ?? of pakistan is back with mom @ishaheenafridi pic.twitter.com/ub9xyemuef
yeh hoti hai entry pic.twitter.com/agqmuqvddy
p
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
