india-vs-bangladesh-live-cricket-score-1st-odi-2022-ind-vs-ban-latest-scorecard-101670126421266.

india vs bangladesh highlights: bangladesh started the three-match odi series with a thrilling one wicket win over india in the 1st odi in dhaka. mehidy hasan emerged as the star of the evening as he dragged bangladesh from a difficult position to help them complete the 187-run chase with four overs to spare. victory looked out of sights for the hosts, who were reduced 136/9 in the 40th over. however, hasan took charge and played some big hits as bangladesh inched close to the target. he then finished off the proceedings in the final delivery of the 46th over bowled by deepak chahar. apart from him, skipper litton das chipped in with 41 and stitched a crucial partnership with shakib al hasan, who scored 29. earlier, shakib and ebadot hossain blew india as the tourists were bundled out for 186 in 41.2 overs after being invited to bat first. the all-rounder completed his five-wicket haul, while hossain scalped four wickets. kl rahul emerged as the standout batter from the indian camp, scoring 73 off 70 balls. catch the highlights of ind vs ban, 1st odi:

follow all the updates here:
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: mehidy hasan drags ban from 136/9 to 187/9 to seal thrilling win
mehidy hasan and mustafizur stitched a partnership of 51 runs to take bangladesh home. the hosts were reduced to 136/9 and win looked almost out of sight, but missed chances by india and some unorthodox cricket by mehidy seals a thrilling win for bangladesh. they lead the three-match series 1-0.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: bangladesh win by one wicket
mehidy hasan welcomes deepak chahar with a boundary. a length ball and it is sliced towards the third man region for a boundary.
he then pulls a short delivery, which is saved on the fence. but the ball is called a no-ball. it's a freehit.
mustafizur rahman takes a quick single in the final ball of the over and it's a direct hit but the batter has completed his ground and with this the scores are level.
mehdiy hasan then hits a four to take bangladesh home. the hosts were out of the game but the tailender took charge and scored an unbeaten 38 off 39 balls to win the match for his side. they complete the 187-run target with four balls to spare.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: mustafizur chips in with vital runs
shardul thakur bowls it on mustafizur pads, who guides it on the fine leg region. the ball beats the fielder, who fails to stop despite diving on the ground. he then passes the strike to mehidy in the fourth ball of the over.
mehidy takes a single in the final ball as ban reach 179/9 after 45 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: mehidy hasan puts on a show
deepak chahar is introduced into the attack and he bowls a beamer. the umpire signals for a freehit as mehidy remains on strike. he manages to get his bat but it goes high and settles in shikhar dhawan's hands. he refuses to run.
next ball he shuffles across the crease and he scoops it past the short fine leg fielder for a boundary.
the next delivery he makes room for himself and slashes it over the short third man fielder for another boundary.
chahar then bowls a back of a length delivery, which is punched square of the wicket by mehidy, who wanted to take a second and eventually gets it in the form of overthrows.
washington sundar makes a fielding error in the final ball, which goes away for a boundary.
it is bangladesh, who have turned the odds, as they reach 14 runs off 36 balls.
ban: 173/9 (44 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: mehidy hasan survives twice
mehidy hasan is still looking for the big hits. he misses one against shardul thakur but connects it on the second instance. the ball balloons up in the air, and kl rahul runs to collect it, despite a fielder being positioned there. he reaches but fails to hold on to it.
meanwhile, mehidy attempts something similar, and the ball bounces short of washington sundar. three runs come off the over. ban: 158/9 (43 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: brilliant stuff by siraj
a brilliant over by mohammed siraj as mehidy hasan fails to score a single big hit and is forced to rotate the strike in the second last ball.
siraj then ends the over with a clinical yorker, which misses the off stump by a slight margin. ban: 155/9 (42 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: mehidy hasan smashes couple of sixes
with just one wicket remaining, bangladesh are trying to score some big hits. mehidy hasan connects a short ball by kuldeep sen, which flies over the third man region for a six.
the batter hits the pacer for another six as the home crowd rejoice. he flicks the second last ball for a single. ban: 154/9 (41 overs) | need 33 runs to win
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: good shot by siraj
siraj bowls it at good length, offers width and mustafizur rahman punches it square of the wicket for a boundary. ban reach 140/9 after 40 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: hit wicket
kuldeep sen picks another wicket in the same over as ebadot hossain is hitwicket for 0. ban: 135/8 (39 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: kuldeep sen picks his first international wicket
kuldeep sen picks his first international wicket. afif hossain departs for 6. he bowls full and wide, tantalising the batter to drive him and so does he. however, his shot goes straight towards siraj at third man, who fumbles but collects it eventually. india need three more wickets to win. ban: 134/7 (38.2 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: good contest between bat and ball
mohammed siraj offers width as afif hossain slashes it towards the third man region, which is stopped by shahbaz ahmed near the fence. two runs come off it.
meanwhile, three runs come off the over as ban reach 134/6 after 38 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: shardul thakur keep things tight
afif hossain and mehidy hasan are the new batters in the middle. afif gets three runs in the over bowled by shardul as bangladesh move to 131/6 after 37 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: what a twist
what a twist in the tale. two wickets in two balls and suddenly it is india, who find themselves on frontfoot. meanwhile, siraj bowls a wicket maiden. ban: 128/6 (36 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: two wickets in two balls
two wickets in two balls, this time it is mushfiqur rahim who has to take the walk back to the pavilion. a length ball by mohammed siraj and the batter plays it back on to the stumps. he departs for 18 (45). ban: 128/6 (35.1 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: shardul thakur strikes
shardul thakur provides india with the breakthrough they were looking for. mahmudullah is trapped lbw for 14. the batter opted for a review, but replay confirmed the impact was on the line, no bat was involved and it was hitting the leg stump. ban: 128/5 (35 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: siraj brought into the attack
mohammed siraj is brought into the attack and the bowler concedes five runs in his over, but none of the run come off the bat. the bowler bowled a wide, before banging it short, which goes over a jumping kl rahul for four runs in the form of byes. ban: 127/4 (34 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: 62 balls since the last boundary was scored
62 balls since the last boundary was scored by bangladesh and despite that they are the one in control. meanwhile, three runs come off the over bowled by shardul thakur. ban: 122/4 (33 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: another tight over
another tight over as shahbaz ahmed concedes just two runs in his over. ban: 119/4 (32 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: shardul thakur keeps thing tight
while the boundaries have dried up but bangladesh are still in control. one run comes off shardul thakur's over, which also saw a lbw appeal against mahmudullah in the final delivery. ban: 117/4 (31 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: ban keep rotating strike
shahbaz ahmed comes to bowl his eighth over as he starts off with a short ball, which kept slightly low. however, mahmudullah deals with it and plays it on the offside to complete a double.
mushfiqur also scores a double later in the over as six runs come off the over. ban: 116/4 (30 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: clinical over by shardul
just one single come off shardul thakur's bowling as bangladesh move to 110/4 after 29 overs. they need another 77 runs to win from 21 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: shahbaz ahmed is reintroduced in the attack
shahbaz ahmed is reintroduced in the attack. he bowls it short, which turns away from the batter but he gets the bottom edge, which beats the keeper and the slip fielder. three runs come off the over. ban: 109/4 after 28 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: another tidy over by shardul
another tidy over by shardul as four runs come off it. ban 106/4 after 27 overs
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: cheeky by mushfiqur rahim
a cheeky scoop by mushfiqur rahim, following which he tries to sneak a double. in the end just makes it on time.
meanwhile, five runs come off the over as ban reach 102/4 in 26 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: shardul starts with maiden over
shardul thakur is introduced into the attack and he starts with a maiden over. ban: 97/4 (25 overs). they need another 90 runs to win, while india need six wickets.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: kohli grabs a stunner
virat kohli grabs a stunner as washington sundar gets the big wicket of shakib al hasan. he is dismissed for 29 (38). two runs come off his over as mahmudullah joins mushfiqur rahim in the middle.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: back to back boundaries
shakib, who had an exceptional day with the ball earlier, is leading bangladesh chase at the moment. he hits shahbaz ahmed for consecutive boundaries as the spinner concedes nine runs in his over. ban: 95/3 (23 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: mushfiqur rahim joins shakib al hasan
shahbaz continues from the other end as mushfiqur rahim joins shakib al hasan in the middle. four runs come off his over as ban reach 81-3 in 21 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: wicket
washington sundar provides india with a crucial breakthrough as kl rahul takes a sharp catch on the leg side. the ball was going down the leg, but brushes litton das' gloves on its way before settling in kl's gloves.
meanwhile, ban reach 77/3 after 20 overs. they need another 110 runs to win.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: rohit sharma introduce spin from both ends
rohit sharma introduce spin from both ends as washington sundar is brought into the attack. he concedes two runs from his over as ban move to 68/2 in 18 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: shakib, litton rotate strike
shahbaz ahmed concedes four runs in his over as bangladesh move to 65/2 after 17 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: ban gain control
shahbaz ahmed concedes three runs in his previous over as bangladesh move past 50 in the 15th over.
kuldeep sen comes to bowl the following over. he bowls a short delivery, which is pulled over the fine leg region for a six by litton das. bangladesh are gaining control as india are desperate for a breakthrough.
ban: 61-2 (16 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: welcome boundary for ban
kuldeep sen bowls it short, outside off and litton das pounces on it and smashes it for a four over point. eight runs come off the over as ban reach 48/2 in 14 overs. they need another 139 runs to win.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: edge but safe
a boundary comes off shahbaz ahmed's over in the form of byes.
meanwhile, kuldeep sen continues and gets an outside edge of shakib's bat. however, the ball is wide of the slip fielders as he takes a single. ban: 41-2 (13.2 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: litton das survives
india introduce spin as shahbaz ahmed comes into the attack and he strikes in his first over. the ball takes the outside edge of litton das' bat as rohit sharma plucks a sharp catch diving forward at slips. however, the umpires just want to check if the catch was taken cleanly and replay confirms that the ball had bounced just before rohit got his hands to it. ban: 36/2 (12.3 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: ind lose one drs
kuldeep sen the debutant replaces mohammed siraj and starts his international career with a dot. litton then flicks the ball on the leg side and runs a double and then passes the strike to shakib in the third ball.
there is a lbw appeal against shakib in the same over, which is also reviewed by rohit sharma. the review is wasted as the ball was pitched outside the leg stump.
sen starts with a four-run over. ban: 35/2 (12 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: shakib not pleased
deepak chahar ends his over with a short delivery as shakib ducks and allows it to pass towards kl rahul. however, he anticipated it to be called wide and expresses surprise when umpire doesn't signal one. he also has some words with the leg umpire. meanwhile, bangladesh reach 31-2 after 11 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: cracking shot by shakib
a fuller length ball by siraj, slightly wide of the off stump and shakib drives it through covers for a four.
end of first powerplay as ban reach 30/2 in 10 overs. they need 157 more to win.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: siraj strikes
mohammed siraj provides india with the second breakthrough as anamul haque plays it straight towards washington sundar at mid-wicket. he departs for 14(29).
shakib al hasan is the new batter in the middle. ban: 26/2 (9.1 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: drs comes to ban's rescue
a huge lbw appeal by deepak chahar against anamul haque, which is eventually given out. however, the batter opts for drs and tv replay confirms the ball was missing the stumps.
ban: 26/1 in 9 overs
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: litton das in some pain
litton das has hurt his calf muscle, while attempting the pull. the physio are at work and we can see a bandaid is being rolled over his calf.
good news for bangladesh, he  is ready to go.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: poor effort by washington sundar
siraj comes to bowl the eighth over and gets a leading edge off litton das' bat in his second delivery. he, however, deflects from his line and bowls a wide.
the pacer then bowls a short ball, which is pulled away by litton for a boundary. the ball could have been stopped but washington sundar, who was running after it makes a mess. he dives and tries to keep the ball in play, but ends up helping it touch the fence. ban: 25/1 (8 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: another excellent over by deepak chahar
another excellent over by deepak chahar as the pacers try to build pressure. chahar has so far conceded just 7 runs in the four overs he has bowled so far. ban: 18/1 (7 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: good stuff by siraj
almost a second maiden but a couple of singles come off it.
litton das takes a quick single after pushing the ball towards mid-on in the fifth ball. ban: 17/1 (6 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: chahar bowls maiden over
an excellent over by deepak chahar as he bowls a maiden, with the final delivery missing litton das' edge by whiskers. ban: 15/1 (5 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: edge and four
mohammed siraj bangs it short and it takes the leading edge of anamul haque's bat, which flies over the keeper and races towards the boundary rope.
seven runs come off the over as ban reach 15/1 after 4 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: just one run off the over
deepak chahar concedes just one run in his second over as ban move to 8/1 after 3 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: siraj keeps things tight
mohammed siraj will share the new ball duties with deepak chahar. he starts with four dots, before bowling it full, which is played on the offside for two runs. ban: 7/1 (2 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: deepak chahar gives ind perfect start
the run chase begins and deepak chahar gives india the perfect start. a length ball on the off stump line, and it takes the outside edge of najmul hossain shanto's bat and flies straight towards rohit sharma at slips. he departs for 0 as ban score five runs off the first over.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: ind all-out for 186
ebadot hossain picks the final wicket as mohammed siraj is caught for 9. with this india are bundled out for 186 in 41.2 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: shakib al hasan completes his quota
shakib al hasan completes his quota with clinical figures. the all-rounder scalps five wickets and gives away 36 runs, which include two maidens. ind: 185/9 (41 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: kl rahul falls for 73
kl rahul welcomes ebadat hossain with a six. plays with a straight bat and lofts it straight over the bowler, with the ball landing at the boundary rope.
he then guides the ball behind the wicket on the leg side, which results in another boundary.
he is dismissed in the over as he is caught at backward square leg. he departs for 73 off 70 balls. ind: 178/9 (39.5 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: shakib bowls a maiden
a maiden over by shakib as mohammed siraj plays all the six balls. this will surely lift siraj's confidence. ind: 168/8 (39 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: ban push ind on backfoot
bangladesh keep things tight but what's surprising is mohammed siraj taking a single off the final ball of the over bowled by mustafizur rahman. ind: 168/8 (38 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: kl rahul keeps the scoreboard ticking
amidst the pressure, kl rahul slams a four against shakib. another late cut as the ball rolls past the short third man and goes for a boundary.
seven runs come off the over. ind: 166/8 (37 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: kl rahul feels the pressure
the pressure mounts on kl rahul, who is forced to take a quick single in the final ball of the over by mustafizur rahman. ind: 159/8 after 36 overs
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: deepak chahar falls for 0
shakib al hasan traps deepak chahar lbw in the same over as he departs for 0. the batter took a review but tv replay confirmed the ball hit the pad first and was hitting the stumps. with this shakib al hasan also completes his five-wicket haul. ind: 156/8 (34.4 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: shakib al hasan is on fire
shakib al hasan is on fire. shortly after getting rid of washington sundar, the spinner cleans up shardul thakur for 2 to pick his fourth wicket of the match.
deepak chahar is the new batter in, but before taking the strike he is seen having a long discussion with kl rahul.
ind: 156/7 (34.1 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: another one bites the dust
shakib finishes the over with a wicket and without conceding a run.
meanwhile, shahbaz ahmed falls in the very next over by ebadat hossain. he is caught at short cover by shakib and departs for 0. india once again in a state of bother.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: shakib al hasan strikes
unnecessary shot by washington sundar as he attempts a reverse sweep against shakib al hasan. connects it well but finds ebadot hossain at point. he departs for 19 off 43 balls as india lose half their side with 152 on the board.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: kl rahul slams 50
sweet timing by kl rahul as he pushes a length ball by ebadat hossain for a boundary, square of the wicket.
he then passes the strike to sundar, who does the same. rahul then plays another shot square of the wicket, which goes to the fence. with this he brings up his fifty in 49 balls. ind: 152/4 (32 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: another run-out opportunity
washington sundar tries to sneak a quick single but is sent back by his partner as the ball is quickly collected by a fielder. the fielder takes an attempt at the stump, forcing sundar to put in a dive.
it's a maiden over by hasan mahmud. ind: 142/4 (31 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: kl rahul hits a four and six
mehidy hasan deviates from his line and bowls wide of the leg stump. the batter whacks it over the short fine leg fielder and it races for a four. he then finishes the over with a six. good over for india as they reach 142/4 after 30 overs. ind: 142/4 (30 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: ban lose one review
a huge caught behind appeal against washington sundar off hasan mahmud's bowling. however, the umpire is not interested and bangladesh take drs. tv replay confirms there was no edge and the all-rounder survives.
ind: 131-4 (29 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: rare six, washington sundar dropped
a rare boundary for india as kl rahul hits hasan mahmud for a six. a slower ball and rahul pulls it over deep mid-wicket fence for a huge six.
meanwhile, ebadot hossain drops washington sundar on 12. the bowler goes for the aerial route against mehidy hasan but fails to clear the fence. hossain covers good amount of ground, and catches the ball but fails to hold on to it. ind: 128/4 (28 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: india deal in singles
seven runs come off the over bowled by mehidy hasan as india reach 112/4 after 26 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: run out opportunity
confusion in the middle as kl rahul sends washington sundar back to the non-striker's end from the middle of the pitch. although it was a direct hit but tv replay confirms that sundar was inside the crease.
four singles come off shakib's over. ind: 105/4 (25 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: another excellent over by mehidy hasan
another excellent over by mehidy hasan as just one run come off it. ind reach 101-4 in 24 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: india reach 100/4 in 23 overs
spin introduced from both ends as shakib al hasan joins the attack. the boundaries have dried up as india reach 100/4 in 23 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: ebadot hossain is given a break
ebadot hossain is given a break as mehidy hasan is reintroduced into the attack. the bowler concedes four runs in the over as ind move to 98/4 after 22 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: ind struggle
wickets at regular intervals have not allowed india to score freely. the pair of rahul and sundar accumulate just two runs in the mustafizur's over as ind move to 94/4 after 21 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: shreyas iyer's resistance comes to an end
ebadot hossain strikes in his 5th over as shreyas iyer's resistance comes to an end. the batter departs for 24(39) as he gets a top edge, while attempting a pull against a short delivery. the ball balloons up in the air and is comfortably collected by the wicketkeeper.
washington sundar is the new batter in. ind: 92/4 (20 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: shreyas iyer hits a boundary
mustafizur bowls it on the good length zone, and iyer stands tall and punches it past the cover fielder for a boundary. he passes the strike to kl in the final ball, who finishes the over with another single. ind: 89/3 (19 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: ban keep things tight
an excellent start by ebadot hossain after the drinks break. the bowler concedes just two runs and also beats shreyas iyer once in the over. ind: 82-3 (18 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: smart captaincy by litton das
litton das gets his strike pacer mustafizur rahman back into the attack. smart move by the bangladesh skipper, who has so far rotated his bowlers well.
the pacer starts off with five dots, before iyer take a quick single in the final delivery. ind: 80/3 after 17 overs. time for drinks!
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: excellent shot by shreyas iyer
ebadot hossain pitches it up and shreyas iyer connects it from the middle and plays it straight past the bowler for a boundary. he then completes a double and finishes the over with a single. ind: 79/3 (16 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: kl rahul hits a 6
shakib al hasan bowls it full and kl rahul leans forward and whacks it for a six over the backward square leg fence. ind: 71-3 after 15 overs
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: ebadot hossain continues the good stuff
ebadot hossain continues the good stuff he concedes just one single until the fourth delivery before banging it short, which goes over the wicketkeeper for a boundary.
meanwhile, iyer and rahul try to sneak a quick single and we have a direct hit. but tv replay confirms that iyer completes his ground comfortably.
ind: 63/3 (14 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: iyer, rahul keep scoreboard ticking
shreyas iyer plays a late cut, which results in a double as shakib concedes six runs in his over. ind: 56/3 (13 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: india reach 50/3 in 12 overs
shreyas iyer and kl rahul are the new batters in the middle as ind reach 50/3 after 12 overs. ebadot hossain concedes one run in his first over.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: shakib strikes
shakib al hasan strikes as he cleans up rohit sharma for 27(31). the ball goes past between his pads and the bat and knocks the stump.
he then packs virat kohli in the same over as litton das plucks a stunner to pack the batter for 9. india in a spot of bother at the moment.
ind: 49/3 (10.4 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: end of 1st powerplay
kohli hits a four against mehidy hasan. another sweep shot and the ball clears the backward square leg region easily.
that will be the end of 1st powerplay as ind accumulate 48 runs for the loss of 1 wicket.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: another boundary by rohit
hasan mahmud offers width to rohit sharma and the batter gets on top of it and cuts it beautifully for a boundary. ind: 40/1 after 9 overs
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: rohit sharma in good touch
rohit sharma is looking in good touch as he sweeps mehidy hasan for a boundary towards the backward square leg region. there was also a loud lbw appeal against rohit in the same over but ban don't opt for drs. ind: 35/1 (8 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: rohit sharma hits a 6
rohit sharma hits hasan mahmud for a six. the pacer bangs it short and rohit pulls it over the backward square leg fence. ind: 30/1 (7 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: mehidy hasan strikes
mehidy hasan strikes in his second over as he cleans up shikhar dhawan for 7(17).
the batter tries to reverse sweep, but the ball hits him on his chest, then hits his hands and knocks the stumps.
virat kohli is the new man in. a maiden over with a wicket. ind: 23/1 (6 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: 10 runs come off the over
hasan mahmud changes his end and starts the fifth over with a single. he then deviates from his line and bowls a wide, which results in three runs. the next ball is smashed for a four by rohit.
10 runs come off the over as ind move to 23/0 after 5 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: good start for mehidy
a good start for mehidy hasan as he concedes just one run in the over. ind: 13/0 (4 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: spin introduced
bangladesh introduce spin as mehidy hasan joins the attack. he beats dhawan in the first ball, with the ball turning away from him.
plays two dots and passes the strike to rohit.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: dhawan gets going
mustafizur continues and rohit flicks a fuller ball for a single. dhawan follows it up with a powerful drive, square of the wicket as he hits his first boundary of the match.
the bowler recovers well and bowls three dots. dhawan is using his feet, a similar scene was witnessed in the final odi against new zealand recently. he finishes the over with a single. ind: 12/0 (3 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: cracking shot by rohit
hasan mahmud will share the new ball duties with mustafizur rahman. he starts with a dot, before bowling a back of length delivery offering width to rohit sharma. the indian skipper hits it hard but his shot finds the fielder at point.
mahmud bowls a similar length and this time rohit finds the gap on square of the wicket as the ball races for a boundary. he then passes the strike to dhawan.
ind: 6/0 (2 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: excellent start by mustafizur
excellent start by mustafizur as just one run come in the form of leg bye. both rohit and dhawan are yet to get off the mark. ind: 1/0 (1 over)
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: mustafizur bowling the first over…
rohit sharma is facing up. the three-match odi series, and india's tour of bangladesh, is a go.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: the players are out in the middle
here they are, rohit sharma and shikhar dhawan are reunited. they open the innings for india. we can see some argentina flags as well amidst the indian and bangladeshi ones. not hard to guess what the favourite international football team is over here.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: liton das's thoughts
“we are going to bowl first. looks like it could be sticky for the first ten overs, that's why we are bowling first. three seamers and two spinners for us. we want to follow the process and play good cricket.”
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: rohit sharma at toss
“world cup is still far away, we don't want to look too far ahead. we want to focus on what we have in hand and play accordingly.”
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: official update
as per a bcci update, axar patel too was not available for selection for the first odi.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: ban playing xi
bangladesh: litton das(c), anamul haque, najmul hossain shanto, shakib al hasan, mushfiqur rahim(w), mahmudullah, afif hossain, mehidy hasan miraz, hasan mahmud, mustafizur rahman, ebadot hossain
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: ind playing xi
india: rohit sharma(c), shikhar dhawan, virat kohli, shreyas iyer, kl rahul(w), washington sundar, shahbaz ahmed, shardul thakur, deepak chahar, mohammed siraj, kuldeep sen
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: team news
kuldeep sen makes india debut, four all-rounders fielded by team india. kl rahul to keep wickets.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: ban win toss
bangladesh captain litton das wins toss, opts to bowl.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: toss coming up next
we can see both rohit sharma and litton das at the center. toss coming up next.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: what does the pitch say
"it's got to be a batter's paradise" - anjum chopra
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: a happy hunting ground for virat kohli
among the overseas batters, virat kohli is the highest run-scorer in dhaka. the former india skipper has accumulated 786 runs in 13 innings, which include four hundreds and three fifties.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: will ind field umran malik
umran malik was a last minute inclusion in the squad as he came in the squad as a replacement for mohammed shami. however, it will be interesting to see if he will be fielded in the playing xi.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: focus on ban team
in the absence of tamim iqbal, litton das will be leading the bangladesh unit.
and now with taskin also not available for the series opener, ebadot hossain and mustafizur rahman will spearhead the pace attack.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: weather forecast
according to the weather forecast, the sky is expected to remain clear. temperature is expected to hover around 30 degree celsius.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: bangladesh's form check
bangladesh, on the other hand, have featured in eight series since 2021, and have lost just two of them.
their biggest successes came against south africa and west indies earlier this year. however, they also went down against zimbabwe in their last series.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: india's rotation policy
with the management employing a rest and rotation policy, many key players were not fielded during the 50-over encounters.
since january 2021, india played 27 odis, out of which kohli played of 11, rahul 10 while rohit played 9 matches.
shikhar dhawan, on the other hand, played 25 of those matches.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: key players missing for ban
bangladesh will miss the service of two key players tamim iqbal and taskin ahmed. however, the hosts have enough firepower in their squad to stun india.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: preparations begin for world cup
india endured a tough 0-1 defeat in the three-match odi series against new zealand, which also ended india's winning streak that lasted for five series.
now with virat kohli, rohit sharma and kl rahul back in the side, team india have a full-strength batting order, heading into the series against bangladesh. and with less than a year remaining for the 50-over world cup the men in blue will look to take the assignment as part of their preparation for the showpiece event, which will be held in india next year.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: will deepak chahar play?
with less than 24 hours remaining in the series opener, india pacer deepak chahar was jostling hard with malaysia airlines to find his missing baggage.
well we are not sure if the kit was included but it will be interesting to see if he is fielded in the series opener.
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: complete squad
india: rohit sharma(c), shikhar dhawan, virat kohli, shreyas iyer, kl rahul, rishabh pant(w), washington sundar, axar patel, shardul thakur, deepak chahar, mohammed siraj, ishan kishan, rahul tripathi, rajat patidar, kuldeep sen, shahbaz ahmed, umran malik
bangladesh: anamul haque, litton das(c), shakib al hasan, mushfiqur rahim, afif hossain, mahmudullah, nurul hasan(w), mehidy hasan miraz, mustafizur rahman, hasan mahmud, ebadot hossain, yasir ali, najmul hossain shanto, taskin ahmed, nasum ahmed
india vs bangladesh live score 1st odi: hello and welcome!
hello and welcome to the live coverage of the first odi between india and bangladesh. the match will be played at the shere bangla national stadium in dhaka and will start at 11:30 am ist. the toss for the same will take place at 11:00 am ist. stay tuned for live updates!
