india-vs-zimbabwe-live-cricket-score-t20-world-cup-2022-ind-vs-zim-latest-scorecard-at-melbourne-101667711360146.

india vs zimbabwe t20 world cup 2022 highlights: suryakumar yadav continued his terrific run at the ongoing t20 world cup as india beat zimbabwe by 71 runs in the final super 12 encounter in melbourne on sunday. suryakumar scored an unbeaten 61 off 25 balls as india piled a gigantic 186/5 on the board after opting to bat first. in response, the bowlers, especially r ashwin performed exceedingly well as they bundled out zimbabwe for 115 in 17.2 overs. bhuvneshwar kumar, arshdeep singh struck a wicket each in the first two overs. mohammed shami and hardik pandya did the same, striking in their very first over. ryan burl and sikandar raza showed some resistance before ashwin cleaned up burl on 35. the carrom ball specialist eventually finished with three wickets. pandya and shami scalped two wickets each. axar patel too picked a wicket. meanwhile, kl rahul also continued his rich form and went to hit consecutive half-centuries. however, he was once again dismissed right after completing the milestone. virat kohli scored 26(25), while captain rohit sharma scored 15(13). hardik pandya 18(18), rishabh pant 3(5) were the other batters to be dismissed. catch the highlights of ind vs zim, t20 world cup:

follow all the updates here:
india vs zimbabwe live score: india win by 71 runs
axar patel wraps up the show as zimbabwe is all-out for 115 in 17.2 overs. with this india win the match by 71 runs and they finish top of the group 2 table. they will lock horns with england in the semifinal.
india vs zimbabwe live score: sikandar raza departs
hardik pandya gets the big wicket of sikandar raza, who is caught at deep by suryakumar yadav. he departs for 34(24).
zim reach 111/9 in 17 overs.
india vs zimbabwe live score: ashwin strikes twice
r ashwin strikes twice in the same over. this time he packs ngarava for 1 as zimbabwe go 8 down.
ashwin finishes his quota with figures reading: 4-0-22-3.
zim: 106/8 (16 overs)
india vs zimbabwe live score: ashwin scalps two
sikandar raza continues to deliver as he hits axar patel for a boundary to help zimbabwe reach 104/6 in 15 overs.
the next over is bowled by ashwin, who strikes in the very first ball. he removes masakadza for 1.
india vs zimbabwe live score: ashwin strikes
ashwin strikes as he cleans up ryan burl departs for 35(22). the partnership between him and burl finally comes to an end as the pair add 60 runs for the sixth wicket.
wellington masakadza is the new batter in. zim: 96/6 (14 overs)
india vs zimbabwe live score: 50-plus partnership
another expensive over by axar patel as he is hit for consecutive fours by ryan burl. the pair of sikandar raza and ryan burl also stitch a 50-plus stand.
zim: 94/5 (13 overs)
india vs zimbabwe live score: ryan burl hits a four
ashwin is whacked for a boundary towards the cover region by ryan burl. the spinner drops it short, offers some pace and he is punished by the batter. however, he recovers well as just 6 runs come off the over.
zim: 81/5 (12 overs)
india vs zimbabwe live score: sikandar raza keeps thing moving
axar patel is introduced into the attack and he is equally expensive as ashwin. he is hit for a four and then swept for a maximum by sikandar raza as 16 runs come off his over. zim move to 75/5 in 11 overs.
india vs zimbabwe live score: expensive start by ashwin
ashwin is introduced into the attack, but his struggles continues. he is hit for a boundary each by sikandar raza and ryan burl.
12 runs come off his first over as zim reach 59/5 after 10 overs.
india vs zimbabwe live score: commanding drive by ryan burl
a commanding drive by ryan burl as it hits the middle of the blade and races for a four towards the mid-off region.
eight runs come off the over as zim reach 47/5 after 9 overs.
india vs zimbabwe live score: shami strikes again
mohammed shami continues to make inroads and scalps his second wicket in the same number of overs. this time he traps tony munyonga lbw on 5(4).
meanwhile, zimbabwe have lost half their side with just 39 on the board after 8 overs.
india vs zimbabwe live score: pandya joins the party
now hardik pandya scalps a wicket in his very first over as craig ervine is caught and bowled on 13(15).
we are just done with seven overs as zimbabwe find themselves four down with just 32 runs on the board.
india vs zimbabwe live score: shami strikes
like others, shami too scalps a wicket in his first over. craig williams goes hard at a delivery, which is pitched marginally outside the off stump. he connects but the shot travels straight to bhuvneshwar kumar at third man. he departs for 11 as zimbabwe accumulate 28 runs for the loss of three wickets in powerplay.
india vs zimbabwe live score: shami introduced in attack
shami is brought into the attack. he bangs it short against sean williams, who connects it so well that it sails over the backward square leg region for a maximum. zim: 28/2 (5.4 overs)
india vs zimbabwe live score: craig ervine takes charge
bhuvneshwar kumar comes to bowl his third over and craig ervine hits his second boundary of the match. the runs have started coming for zimbabwe, as ervine follows it up with a three.
eight runs come off the over as zimbabwe reach 21-2 after 5 overs.
india vs zimbabwe live score: first boundary for zim
zimbabwe captain craig ervine hits the first boundary of zimbabwe innings. he flicks a length ball by arshdeep towards the mid-wicket region, with the ball eventually beating shami, who was chasing after it.
six runs come off the over as zim reach 13/2 after 4 overs.
india vs zimbabwe live score: bhuvneshwar keeps thing tight
bhuvneshwar comes in to bowl the third over and concedes four runs in it. zimbabwe move to 7/2 after 4 overs.
india vs zimbabwe live score: zim reach 3/2
three runs and a wicket come off arshdeep's over as zimbabwe reach 3/2 after 2 overs.
india vs zimbabwe live score: arshdeep shares new ball with bhuvi
arshdeep singh shares the new ball duties with bhuvneshwar kumar and gets a wicket in the very first over. he cleans up regis chakabva for 0 as zimbabwe go two down.
india vs zimbabwe live score: a perfect start for india
a perfect start for india and bhuvneshwar kumar as virat kohli plucks a brilliant catch to get rid of madhevere in the first ball.
the pacer starts with a maiden over and a wicket. zim: 0/1 (1 over)
india vs zimbabwe live score: ind post 186/5
tendai chatara comes to bowl the final over with hardik pandya on strike.
he starts off with a no-ball, kind off a beamer. pandya, however, fails to make anything out of the free hit and is caught in the next ball. he departs for 18(18).
suryakumar yadav then goes on to hit a six and follows it up with a double to bring up his half-century in just 23 balls.
he goes to hit another boundary and finishes india's inning with with another maximum. plays a scoop and sends the ball over the fine leg fence.
he finishes the innings unbeaten on 55(24). ind post 186/5 in 20 overs
india vs zimbabwe live score: one over to go
hardik and suryakumar hit a boundary each as india race to 165/4 in 19th over. the pair have added 64 runs in just 33 balls.
india vs zimbabwe live score: the suryakumar show continues
surykumar yadav continues his assault and launches tendai chatara into the orbit. the bowler pitches it slightly full and sky plays a classy drive, sending the ball high and over the fence towards covers.
he had earlier hit the bowler for a boundary. 15 runs come off the over as india move past 150, with two overs to go.
india vs zimbabwe live score: suryakumar lights up the crowd
richard ngarava comes in to bowl the 17th over and he is hit for a four and six by suryakumar yadav.
12 runs come off the over as india reach 137/4 after 17 overs.
india vs zimbabwe live score: suryakumar joins the party
blessing muzarabani is introduced into the attack and suryakumar welcomes him with a brilliant scoop, sending the ball over the wicketkeeper's head for a boundary. he then hits the pacer for a cracking shot, driving him over the mid-off fielder for another four.
hardik then finishes the over with another couple of boundaries as 18 runs come off it.
ind: 125/4 (16 overs)
india vs zimbabwe live score: zim keep things tight
just four runs come off the over by wellington masakadza as india reach 107/4 in 15 overs.
india vs zimbabwe live score: good comeback by zimbabwe
good comeback by zimbabwe as india lost two wickets in quick succession.
while nine runs came off the 13th over, zimbabwe have struck again. this time it's rishabh pant, who has to take the long walk back to the pavillion.
sean williams gets his second wicket, but it is ryan burl, who's effort made the difference. he covers a good distance and dives to complete a stunning catch, as pant departs for 3.
hardik pandya is batting alongside suryakumar yadav. ind: 103-4 (14 overs)
india vs zimbabwe live score: kl rahul hits a fifty and gets out
kl rahul brings up his half century in style. he hits sikandar raza for a six and departs in the very next ball. he is caught at long-on by masakadza. he departs for 51(35).
india vs zimbabwe live score: virat kohli departs
we are back after the break and sikandar raza starts with a six-run over.
sean williams is introduced in the following over and he gets the big wicket of virat kohli. he departs for 26(25).
suryakumar is the new batter in and he starts off with a four.
india vs zimbabwe live score: 50-plus partnership
tendai chatara bangs it short and kl rahul gets on top of it and pulls it for a boundary. with that shot the pair also add a 50-plus stand for the second wicket.
eight runs come off the over as india reach 79/1 after 10 overs. kl is batting on 41(29), while kohli is playing on 22(18).
india vs zimbabwe live score: good stuff by sikandar raza
sikandar raza comes into the attack and concedes just three runs in his first over. ind: 71/1 (9 overs)
india vs zimbabwe live score: kl rahul hits a six and four
zimbabwe bring ryan burl into the attack and he is hit for a massive six by kl rahul. the ball offers some flight and rahul whacks it straight towards long-on for a maximum. he tries something similar in the following ball, but fails to clear the ropes by inches. the ball lands safely and bounces over the ropes for a four.
14 runs come off the over as india reach 68/1 after 8 overs.
ind vs zim live score update: boundaries keep coming
the boundaries keep coming as virat kohli hits a flighted ball by masakadza for a boundary.
eight runs come off his over as india move to 54/1 after 7 overs.
ind vs zim live score update: end of powerplay
kl rahul and virat kohli combine and gather 11 runs in the final powerplay over. it also include a cracking four by kl rahul, who cuts a length ball square of the wicket for a four.
meanwhile, india reach 46/1 after 6 overs.
ind vs zim live score update: excellent over by tendai chatara
tendai chatara bowls an excellent over as no boundaries and just five runs come off it. india move to 36/1 after 5 overs.
ind vs zim live score update: rohit sharma falls for 15
blessing muzarabani is introduced into the attack. rohit starts the over with consecutive doubles, before the bowler bangs it short and wide. extra runs conceded as wicketkeeper does a great job, holding to it.
rohit then hits the bowler for a boundary before handing masakadza a simple catch at deep backward square leg. he departs for 15(13).
virat kohli is the new batter in and the man in-form starts with a boundary. ind: 31/1 (4 overs)
ind vs zim live score update: kl rahul hits a massive six
the runs keep coming and it's kl rahul, who hits richard ngarava for a maximum over the mid-wicket region. the ball lands after covering a distance of 92m.
12 runs come off the over as ind reach 18/0 after 3 overs.
ind vs zim live score update: rohit sharma hits boundary
tendai chatara will share the new ball duties with richard ngarava as rohit sharma pushes the ball for a single to open his and india's account.
rahul, who played a maiden in the previous over, also opens his account with a single and rohit then completes the over with a boundary. ind: 6/0 (2 overs)
ind vs zim live score update: maiden over
richard ngarava starts with an exceptional over, with all six off them beating kl rahul. ind: 0/0 (1 over)
ind vs zim live score update: here we go!
rohit sharma and kl rahul walk in to kick-off the proceedings. rahul on strike, will face richard ngarava, who lead the zimbabwe attack.
ind vs zim live score update: pre-match rituals
the players of both sides arrive in the center for the pre-match rituals. action to start shortly.
ind vs zim live score update: opportunity for arshdeep singh to continue stellar run
arshdeep singh, who has been the bowler, providing india with early inroads will look to make an impact yet again.
if we look into zimbabwe's batting, the team have so far lost 20 wickets in the powerplay overs, which is the most for any team in this world cup.
ind vs zim live score update: rohit sharma on rishabh pant
“rishabh pant plays instead of dk, he is the only guy who hasn't played a single game on this tour including the warm-up games, we wanted to give him a game.”
ind vs zim live score update: playing xis
zimbabwe: wesley madhevere, craig ervine(c), regis chakabva(w), sean williams, sikandar raza, tony munyonga, ryan burl, tendai chatara, richard ngarava, wellington masakadza, blessing muzarabani
india: kl rahul, rohit sharma(c), virat kohli, suryakumar yadav, hardik pandya, rishabh pant(w), axar patel, ravichandran ashwin, bhuvneshwar kumar, mohammed shami, arshdeep singh
ind vs zim live score update: india opt to bat
india win toss, opt to bat.
ind vs zim live score update: pakistan join india in semifinal
pakistan join india from group 2 to enter the semifinal. they beat bangladesh by five wickets in a must-win tie. congratulations to babar azam and co.
ind vs zim live score update: will zimbabwe upset india
meanwhile, a win here for zimbabwe will ensure them a top-4 finish in the group, which will then give them an automatic berth for the next edition, which will be played in 2024.
ind vs zim live score update: toss coming up next
we are minutes away from toss at mcg.
meanwhile, the second game between bangladesh and pakistan, is still underway and it is babar azam and his boys, who are in top at the moment.
ban: 127/8 (20 overs) | pak: 121-3 (16.4 overs)
ind vs zim live score update: india likely to stick with winning combination
with the semifinal berth already in hand, team india can look to try their bench strength. but given by coach's rahul dravid's statements earlier, a change in the winning combination is not very likely to happen.
india have played four matches so far and have made only change in their xi, that too for one match, which they lost.
deepak hooda was brought in for axar patel in the match against south africa. however, hooda failed to trouble the scorers and was dismissed for a zero.
ind vs zim live score update: ‘need to be clinical’
"we need to be as clinical as possible. we know no team is a brush-over, so... we can’t go in there and expect them to crumble." - r ashwin ahead of zimbabwe clash
ind vs zim live score update: why is ashwin considered over chahal
well india are yet to try yuzvendra chahal in any of the contest and the reason behind that could be ashwin's batting capabilities, as seen against pakistan and bangladesh.
ashwin had joined virat kohli in the middle in a tensed situation, and his game awareness, followed by a clean hit over the mid-off fielder gave india the win against pakistan.
in the clash against bangladesh, ashwin hit a six and a boundary in the final over as india piled a staggering 184/6 in 20 overs.
his inclusion also helps the management avoid a long tail, despite having a solid middle-order, with batters like suryakumar yadav and hardik pandya present in the ranks.
ind vs zim live score update: players to watch out from zimbabwe camp
the players to watch out from zimbabwe camp are sikandar raza and blessing muzarabani.
raza was instrumental in zimbabwe's nail-biting win against pakistan and is in the midst of a dream 2022 season. he would now look to end it on a high.
muzarabani, on the other hand, has spearheaded zimbabwe's attack with the ball and is currently the second-highest wicket-taker with 11 wickets from 22 overs.
ind vs zim live score update: ashwin's stats at t20 world cup 2022
while bhuvneshwar kumar, arshdeep singh and mohammed shami have been all guns, one bowler, who has not been in his best, is r ashwin.
a glance at ashwin's stats at t20 world cup:
0/23 in 3 overs vs pak
2/21 in 4 overs vs ned
1-43 in 4 overs vs sa
0/19 in 2 overs vs ban
ind vs zim live score update: zimbabwe skipper ahead of the clash
"the win against pakistan has given us a huge amount of belief that we can beat any side in the tournament. i don't think that will change going into tomorrow's game." - zimbabwe skipper craig ervine ahead of the clash against india
ind vs zim live score update: india's biggest plus
india's biggest plus is virat kohli's imperious form. the former india captain has accumulated 220 runs from four matches, which include three half-centuries.
he had scored an unbeaten 82 off 53 at the same venue against pakistan and has so far only been dismissed once in four matches.
ind vs zim live score update: head-to-head record
if we look at the head-to-head record, india and zimbabwe have met each other only seven times previously, out of which the men in blue have emerged victorious on five occasions. zimbabwe have edged india twice.
this is the first time the two will lock horns at the t20 world cup.
ind vs zim live score update: what to expect at mcg
apart from the thrilling india vs pakistan classic earlier in the tournament, the venue has not delivered any exciting results. three matches at this venue were washed out.
however, the forecast on sunday looks promising with negligible chances of rain hampering the contest.
if we look at the ground dimension, the square boundaries are bigger. meanwhile, as seen in india's previous match here, the fast bowlers can really decide the momentum of the game. with the help of good bounce and pace, fast bowlers have so far scalped 21 wickets at the venue.
ind vs zim live score update: rohit sharma's stats at t20 world 2022
while the focus was on kl rahul's dry run until the previous match, his opening partner rohit sharma has also failed to get going and just as we, even the skipper will be hoping for a change in fortune.
the india skipper has so accumulated 74 runs from four matches, which includes a fifty-plus score against minnows netherlands.
take a loot at rohit sharma's stats at t20 world 2022:
4(7) vs pak
53(39) vs ned
15(14) vs sa
2(8) vs ban
india vs zimbabwe live updates: full squads
india: kl rahul, rohit sharma(c), virat kohli, suryakumar yadav, hardik pandya, dinesh karthik(w), axar patel, ravichandran ashwin, bhuvneshwar kumar, mohammed shami, arshdeep singh, yuzvendra chahal, harshal patel, deepak hooda, rishabh pant
zimbabwe: wesley madhevere, craig ervine(c), regis chakabva(w), sean williams, sikandar raza, milton shumba, ryan burl, luke jongwe, richard ngarava, tendai chatara, blessing muzarabani, wellington masakadza, tony munyonga, brad evans, clive madande
india vs zimbabwe live updates: hello and welcome!
hello and welcome to the live coverage of the t20 world cup match between india and zimbabwe. the match will be played at the melbourne cricket ground and starts at 01:30 pm ist. the toss for the same will take place half an hour before the start of action. stay tuned for all updates and live score of ind vs zim
