live-score-pakistan-vs-bangladesh-t20-world-cup-2022-pak-vs-ban-today-match-latest-scorecard-at-adelaide-oval-101667700862704.

pakistan vs bangladesh, t20 world cup 2022 highlights: shaheen afridi's four-wicket haul and a calm hand from the shan masood helped pakistan beat bangladesh by five wickets and qualify for the semi-finals. south africa's stunning loss to the netherlands earlier in the day made this game a virtual quarter-finals, with both bangladesh and pakistan having a chance to finish in the top two. it was pakistan who prevailed in a nervy chase in which both sides made a lot of mistakes. bangladesh have finished fifth in the group, below the netherlands.

follow all the updates here:
t20 world cup 2022 live: that's it from here
you can go over to the live blog we have set up for india's match against zimbabwe. india are through but as things stand, they will be facing new zealand in the semi-finals. the kiwis have been a bogeyman team for india in world cup tournaments over the last few years and so they would want to avoid that. to do so, they have to get their net run rate (currently +0.730) above that of pakistan's +1.028. that is a difficult task indeed so let us see who finishes on top of group 2 at the end of this extraordinary day. ciao!
pak vs ban live score: babar azam's thoughts
“it's a team game. cricket is a funny game. appreciate all my team the way they played all matches. pitch wasn't easy to bat on. little bit two-paced. me and rizwan decided to go long, but unfortunately didn't work out. haris showed aggression, good to see him play. looking forward to the semifinals. all of us are excited to play.”
pak vs ban t20 world cup live: shakib al hasan talks
“at the halfway stage we were 70/1. wanted to get somewhere around 145-150 - would've been a reasonable total on that pitch. knew it was going to be difficult for the new batters so wanted set batters to carry through to the end which didn't happen. in terms of results, this is the best performance we had in t20 world cups. could've done better. but having said that, with the new guys coming in, with the changes, this is the best we could expect. on my own performance - i could've done better. as long as i'm fit and performing, i'd love to play.”
pakistan vs bangladesh live score: shaheen afridi the player of the match
here he is talking to danny morrison. “i have improved. not easy to come back from injury and bowl 140ks but i'm trying my best. as a team, we are very happy. we've played great. bowl in the right areas and fast was the plan. (on if they're looking forward to the semis) now, we are looking forward to the final (laughs),” he said.
t20 world cup 2022 live: pakistan beat bangladesh by 5 wickets, qualify for semi-finals!
two runs off the first ball of the 19th and shan masood takes his team over the line. pakistan, extraordinary, they have somehow made it to the semi-final, bangladesh will finish below the netherlands which means that the dutch get automatic qualification for the next t20 world cup. what a day this has been in adelaide. it started with us wondering if pakistan will somehow upset the table and deny india a place in the semi-finals, it has ended with india and pakistan in the final four, with the order of the top two to be decided by what happens in melbourne, and south africa sensationally falling by the wayside.
pak vs ban live score: out! the danger just won't go
iftikhar skies it and shanto takes it. pakistan need just two runs to win here off the last two over and iftikhar has been a sack of nerves. masood at the other end, as calm as still water. masood will be on strike now.
pak vs ban t20 world cup live: out! haris falls!
he won't be hitting those winning runs. in fact, will there be winning runs? are bangladesh going to do the impossible here? that these two teams are fighting for a quarter-final spot itself was deemed impossible until this morning so who knows. the ball balloons to point off haris's bat and he falls.
haris c nasum ahmed b shakib al hasan 31 (18), pakistan 121/4 in 16.5 overs
pakistan vs bangladesh live score: four! pakistan need 7 to win
haris sweeps hard, finds the gap and the ball goes the boundary. he may have seen pakistan home here.
t20 world cup 2022 live: four!
all control and class from shan masood. cuts the ball from middle bowled by shakib in his last over and sends it to the deep cover fence.
pak vs ban live score: pakistan 110/3 in 16 overs, need 18 to win in 24 balls
an extraordinary over for all the wrong reasons there for bangladesh. a skied shot that landed in no-man's land, a tight single, a no ball and a six off a free hit.
pak vs ban t20 world cup live: six off free hit!
taskim oversteps the second ball of the 16th over, haris moves early to the offside for the free hit ball and, taskin goes wide outside off as well and it ends up coming nicely in the batter's arc. haris sends the ball sailing into the stands between deep midwicket and deep backward square. pakistan need 22 to win off 27. that may have been a decisive moment.
pakistan vs bangladesh live score: out! run out ends the stand!
direct hit at the non-striker's end and nawaz is gone! liton das at short cover and he runs in and throws it at the stumps after nawaz tries to take a quick single. replays show that he was centimetres off when the bail was dislodged.
nawaz run out (litton das) 4 (11), pakistan 93/3 in 14.5 overs
t20 world cup 2022 live: six! almost a brilliant fielding effort by afif
haris top edges the pull shot, has afif hossain made a brilliant stop at deep square leg? no! he has stepped on the rope with the ball in hand so that will go down as a six. afif was looking into the sun the whole way but somehow keeps his eye on the ball, jumps to catch the ball and throws it back in but he had stepped on the boundary rope before he did that.
pak vs ban live score: four! smacked that!
finally a proper shot from a pakistan batter and not something that has gone off some edge of the bat. overpitched by by ebadot, mohammad haris powers that over cover for four. pakistan need 48 to win off 41.
pak vs ban t20 world cup live: mix-up and four overthrows!
bangladesh see red and send the ball tumbling to the boundary. almost everything that can happen off a delivery happens after the second ball of the 12th over. first a big lbw appeal is turned down. then shanto throws the ball to the striker's end, where nawaz was halfway down the pitch. the batter had given up, but the fielder misses and there is no one backing him up. captain shakib throws his hat down in disgust as the ball goes down to the mid-on boundary. then more drama as shakib goes for review after a long discussion but he has run out of time. he goes on to have a long chat with the umpire about that. it's all happening at the adelaide oval!
pakistan vs bangladesh live score: gone! now rizwan falls
well that was a loose ball and rizwan falls to it. that is how this tournament has gone thus far for pakistan's opening batters. rizwan early to an easy cut shot and hits it straight to point.
rizwan c najmul hossain shanto b ebadot hossain 32 (32), pakistan 61/2 in 11.2 overs
t20 world cup 2022 live: out! babar's struggle comes to an end
attempted sweep shot that flies third man and that is the end of the pakistan captain's struggle. he ends up with a strike rate of just over 75. that innings may have done more bad than good to this chase.
babar azam c mustafizur rahman b nasum ahmed 25 (33), pakistan 57/1 in 10.3 overs
pak vs ban live score: 10 overs gone, pakistan 56/0
at least one of these two need to get a move on now. it may only be a target of 128 but those runs don't get chased down  automatically. if these two are going to approach this like an odi innings, 128 in 20 overs is normally a great score for a 50-over match, especially when a team just about crosses 50 in the first 10 overs so they need to get a move on.
pak vs ban t20 world cup live: four at last!
shakib tosses it up outside off, babar skips down the track and hits it over the bowler's head for the first boundary in ages for pakistan.
pakistan vs bangladesh live score: 50 partnership comes up in 57 balls
well babar and rizwan seem to be either playing the wrong format or are sure of not causing their side any problem with the pace at which they are going. it has been a struggle for the pakistan captain, he has hardly been able to the middle any shot since hitting those two fours early on.
pak vs ban live score: pakistan 38/0  in 7 overs
babar and rizwan are going at a leisurely rate here, which may not exactly be a great idea even though their target is only 128.
pak vs ban t20 world cup live: pakistan 33/0 in 5 overs
babar and rizwan are cruising along. it is rizwan who has faced more balls and scored more runs, he is on 26 off 21, babar on 8 off 12.
pakistan vs bangladesh live score: back to back fours! babar on his way
two sweep shots, placed either side of the fielder at deep backward square leg off bangladesh captain shakib al hasan, who must still be seething from that decision that went against him during the bangladesh innings.
t20 world cup 2022 live: four! lovely from babar!
babar has not often been able to play in full flow in this world cup and one might say that the tournament has been the poorer for it. full on off and middle from taskim, babar flicks it beautifully through mid-on to the boundary.
pak vs ban live score: pakistan 11/0 in 2 overs
misfield off the second last ball of that over. if bangladesh are serious about defending this total and not finishing below the netherlands on the points table, they need to do better than this. that misfield led to just two runs and not a boundary, fortunately for them.
pak vs ban t20 world cup live: six! garam masala to the wound
off the very next ball! short from taskin, rizwan pulls it away into the stands. nurul stands with his head bowed down. what a crushing moment that is for bangladesh early on!
pakistan vs bangladesh live score: dropped! oh that was a regulation catch!
what a moment that is. rizwan edges taskin ahmed who is bowling the first over for bangladesh, regulation catch for wicketkeeper nurul hasan, he just needs to stick his gloves to the right. instead he goes for a dive of some sort and drops it. how about that!
t20 world cup 2022 live: bangladesh 127/8 in 20 overs
pakistan need to chase down 128 to qualify for the semi-finals.
pak vs ban live score: out!
nasum middles this one straight to mohammad wasim at deep mid-on. so it seems that bangladesh won't go past 130 here.
pak vs ban t20 world cup live: four!
bangladesh get to 126/7 in 19.4 overs. a four by afif off the second ball of the over bowled by haris rauf and then another now off the fourth by nasum. some more of that and bangladesh might get somewhere close to 140.
t20 world cup 2022 live: four! bangladesh 116/7 in 19 overs
afridi misses the wide yorker at pace, afif uses it all to squeeze it to the third man boundary.  no five-wicket haul for afridi but what a spell this has been, may just have got pakistan through to the semi-finals.
pak vs ban live score: out! four-wicket haul for afridi!
first t20i four-wicket haul of his career for shaheen afridi and what a game to bring it. he has looked at his best today, something that has not happened all tournament. it really has come together quite nicely for pakistan today.
taskin ahmed c babar azam b shaheen shah afridi 1 (5), bangladesh 109/7 in 18.1 overs
pak vs ban t20 world cup live: out! two in the over for afridi
two in the over for shaheen. nurul hasan skies this lofted shot and is caught at point. bangladesh are unravelling now.
nurul hasan c mohammad haris b shaheen afridi 0 (3), bangladesh 107/6 in 16.5 overs
pakistan vs bangladesh live score: gone! afridi blows those wickets over!
oh, yorker from hell. tails away from the right hander very late and mosaddek can do nothing to stop that ball from taking the stumps. that is unplayable.
hossain b shaheen afridi 5 (11), bangladesh 107/5 in 16.2 overs
t20 world cup 2022 live: bangladesh 99/4 in 15 overs
a run out chance missed for pakistan. mosaddek and afif run a tight second off the last ball of the 15th, the throw is at the non-striker's end and the batter seems to be in trouble. but wasim seems almost distraught and that is because, as the replays later show, the ball had popped out of his hands and the bails had been dislodged by his hands.
pak vs ban live score: out! that's it for shanto!
knocked him over! shanto comes down the track to iftikhar a bit too early, the bowler pulls back his length and the batter misses it entirely.
shanto b iftikhar ahmed 54 (48), bangladesh 91/4 in 13.2 overs
pak vs ban t20 world cup live: 50 for shanto!
it has come in 46 balls, set a nice little platform for his team to work from. shadab khan has come in to bowl his last over.
pakistan vs bangladesh live score: bangladesh 74/3 in 11 overs
wow, what an over that was. no hat-trick for shadab but shakib is absolutely livid and he may have a case here. straight on replays seem to indicate that the ball took an inside edge before going to the pads. early drama in this match and why not!
t20 world cup 2022 live: out! shakib goes too, shadab on a hat-trick
shakib doesn't want to leave! he is unhappy with that decision to say the least. big appeal for lbw, the umpire raises his finger very late and shakib goes for a review immediately. the question is whether the ball took the bat or not before hitting the pads but the bat is close to the ground and the ball when the spike comes up on the ultra edge. third umpire then declares that there was no inside edge and after that, well shakib was plumb to the naked eye as well. he takes some convincing from the umpire to walk off, starts doing so and then comes back to have some words with the umpire before finally going off.
shakib al hasan lbw b shadab khan 0 (1), bangladesh 73/3 in 10.5 overs
pak vs ban live score: gone! shadab gets the breakthrough!
there it is! reverse sweep from sarkar, it goes up in the air and falls to shan masood at point. full and slow outside off did the trick for shadab.
sarkar c shan masood b shadab khan 20 (17), bangladesh 73/2 in 10.4 overs
pak vs ban t20 world cup live: 10 overs gone, bangladesh 70/1 in 10 overs
steady work here from shanto and sarkar. shanto has got to 41 runs in 37 balls. one gets the feeling that at least one of these two would be looking to shift gears from here on. pakistan desperately searching for a wicket.
pakistan vs bangladesh live score: four!
bangladesh are taking down shadab here. soumya sarkar slogs hard towards deep midwicket and that goes to the boundary. bangladesh have reached 61/1 in 8.2 overs.
pak vs ban t20 world cup live: four! lovely dab from shanto
shadab khan bowling the seventh, gives some pace for the seventh ball and shanto waits for it before playing it from almost behind him. just gets the bat in the ball's trajectory and it trickles behind to the boundary. short third man gives it chase but can't get there.
pakistan vs bangladesh live score: end of powerplay, bangladesh 40/1
possible dropped catch off the last ball, although it does look like the ball may not have carried. shanto seems to get a double hit on this short ball from naseem, afridi dives forward at slips but is not able to hold on. bangladesh may have lost one wicket but it has still been a good start from them.
t20 world cup 2022 live: six! bangladesh 34/1 in 4 overs
oh now that's a shot. soumya sarkar picks this one from his hips and pulls it over deep midwicket and into the stands.
pak vs ban live score: four!
shanto slashes hard and beats backward point. perfect contact on it and this will hurt wasim considering there was a dropped catch just two balls ago.
pak vs ban t20 world cup live: dropped!
would have been a wicket off the first ball for mohammad wasim. shanto hits it to the offside, shadab goes low to take the catch but can't quite hold on to it. there was a lot of power on that shot.
pakistan vs bangladesh live score: gone! afridi gets his man!
liton hits it straight to backward point. soft, soft dismissal, he stands there for a couple of seconds in complete disbelief before dragging himself off the pitch. liton has a hard slash at a shortish delivery from afridi on the front foot and ends up finding shan masood.
liton c shan masood b shaheen shah afridi 10 (8), bangladesh 21/1 in 3 overs
t20 world cup 2022 live: six! what a shot from liton!
2nd delivery of the third over, liton charges down the ground to shaheen afridi of all people and pulls the short ball with disdain. that is the first maximum of the match and what a shot it is.
pak vs ban live score: bangladesh 13/0 in 2 overs
a boundary off the fifth ball bowled by naseem shah and this time it is much more controlled by shanto. but then he is beaten on the inside edge by an absolute peach the very next ball.
pak vs ban t20 world cup live: bangladesh 6/0 in 1st over
two singles and a streaky boundary from that first over. the adelaide oval is slowly picking up noise and it is a partisan crowd here. for now, it looks like this match is going to be a humdinger.
pakistan vs bangladesh live score: four!
najmul got away with that one. looking to work the fourth ball of the over to the onside, it takes a top edge and flies the other way to the boundary.
pak vs ban t20 world cup live: the players walk out, the winners take all
here we go then, najmul hossain shanto and liton das, who had given india an almighty scare in their last match, open for bangladesh, shaheen afridi has the ball in his hands.
pakistan vs bangladesh live score: curse of the toss
in what could be bad news for pakistan fans, and all those hoping to see an india vs pakistan final, teams who have won the toss at this venue have not lost a single match here. and that includes the netherlands against south africa. well, well, well...
pakistan vs bangladesh live score: the national anthems
they both walk out, the adelaide oval is abuzz now. both bangladesh and pakistan fans can realistically dream without either team having to think about the india-shaped asterisk on top of the result of this match. the bangladesh national anthem plays out first, followed by pakistan's.
t20 world cup 2022 live: what the captains said
babar azam: wins always give you confidence. harris set the momentum then iftikhar and shadab finished it off. we are looking forward to this match. we have the same team.
shakib al hasan: we will bat first. looks a dry wicket. put the runs on the board and defend. we know the importance of the game. we will have to play well. we are all calm. we have three changes.
pak vs ban live score: pakistan xi
mohammad rizwan(w), babar azam(c), mohammad haris, shan masood, iftikhar ahmed, mohammad nawaz, shadab khan, mohammad wasim jr, naseem shah, haris rauf, shaheen afridi
pak vs ban t20 world cup live: bangladesh xi
najmul hossain shanto, soumya sarkar, litton das, shakib al hasan(c), afif hossain, nurul hasan(w), mosaddek hossain, taskin ahmed, nasum ahmed, ebadot hossain, mustafizur rahman
pakistan vs bangladesh live score: toss!
bangladesh have won the toss and chosen to bat first.
pak vs ban live score: a virtual quarter-final
so, it is confirmed that a spot is vacant in group 1 for the semi-finals. south africa sit there for now but the winner of this match will pass the proteas on points. if there is a no result today, which won't happen, pakistan will qualify because south africa's nrr has dipped below theirs.
pak vs ban t20 world cup live: south africa lose, india through, pakistan need a win!
the netherlands have defeated south africa by 13 runs! absolutely brilliant work from the dutch and south africa, who seemed to be the most comfortable team in this group, are now on the brink of getting knocked out. it is confirmed now, pakistan only need to beat bangladesh to go through, as simple as that.
t20 world cup 2022 live: drama at the adelaide oval
well with what is happening in the match between south africa and netherlands it is hard to think about anything else really. they have lost heinrich klaasen, possibly their last hope of running this target down, and south africa are now down to their last three wickets. it is maharaj and rabada in the middle! nightmare for the proteas. remember, if south africa lose this and pakistan beat bangladesh, the proteas are out, pakistan are through. india, meanwhile, qualify automatically if netherlands win today. extraordinary, the netherlands have been sensational in this tournament.
pak vs ban live score: oh south africa!
this could actually happen, the match between india and zimbabwe could become a dead rubber because it is just going from bad to worse for south africa. they are chasing a target of 159 and are now down to 113/6. david miller is one of two players to have fallen in the 16th over.
pak vs ban t20 world cup live: bangladesh full squad
najmul hossain shanto, litton das, shakib al hasan(c), afif hossain, yasir ali, nurul hasan(w), mosaddek hossain, taskin ahmed, hasan mahmud, mustafizur rahman, shoriful islam, soumya sarkar, nasum ahmed, mehidy hasan miraz, ebadot hossain
pakistan vs bangladesh live score: pakistan full squad
mohammad rizwan(w), babar azam(c), mohammad haris, shan masood, iftikhar ahmed, mohammad nawaz, shadab khan, mohammad wasim jr, naseem shah, haris rauf, shaheen afridi, asif ali, khushdil shah, mohammad hasnain, haider ali
t20 world cup 2022 live: south africa vs netherlands
now the most obvious way for pakistan seemed to be to hope that india lose after they beat bangladesh. however, south africa are having a pretty difficult time chasing down a target of 159 against the netherlands. if they do end up losing this match, pakistan might just replace them on the group 2 table if they beat bangladesh and go through witho
pak vs ban live score: hello and welcome!
we are into the final chapter of pakistan's mission impossible, well mission improbable to be more precise but that doesn't have the same ring to it, does it? pakistan have to beat bangladesh today, preferably by a big margin, and then hope that zimbabwe stun tournament favourites india. if pakistan win by an absurdly huge margin, it could cause india some headache about having to win in a specific manner to make sure their net run rate remains above that of their arch-rivals'. there is cricket and mathematics on offer today and a place in the semi-finals at stake. let's dip into it.
