pakistan-fans-draw-mind-boggling-1992-odi-world-cup-similarity-after-australia-exit-to-keep-semi-final-hopes-alive-101667658479953.
pakistan hold on a glimmer of hope to make the t20 world cup semi-final. having recovered from the shocking zimbabwe loss, which was preceded by a defeat to india in their opener, pakistan notched up back-to-back wins, against netherlands and south africa. they will face bangladesh in their final group stage match on sunday. but more than a win, they need other factors to fall in place to ensure their place in the next round. however, pakistan fans have drawn hope from a mind-boggling fact that went viral moments after australia were eliminated from the world cup.
the host and defending champion australia were knocked out of the race to make the semis after england survived a scare against sri lanka in the final group 1 game. new zealand was hence joined by england as the two teams from the first super 12 group to make the semi-finals.
also read: watch: suryakumar yadav's reaction at presenter's 'you are now no.1 t20i batter' remark is absolute gold
the two teams now await the fate of the group 2 where four teams are vying for a place in the semis - south africa, india, pakistan and bangladesh. while south africa, who face netherlands, and india, who face zimbabwe, have a stronger chance to make the semis, fan theory reveals that pakistan would make it through based on a stunning relevance with 1992 world cup.
30 years back, when australia had hosted the world cup, the hosts and defending champion had failed to make the semis, much like in 2022 t20 world cup. and although the world cup was played in round-robin system, new zealand and england were among the first to qualify for the semis.
so here is what the fan theory says…
1992 me new zealand ne pakistan se semi final khela tha or england ne south africa se 😱 pic.twitter.com/07a7ggtola
it means 1992 pakistan win-2022?
#pakvsban the 1992 world cup, australia were the hosts and defending champions, and failed to reach the semis. new zealand, england, south africa and pakistan qualified for the semis. histry could repeat itself if south afric and pakistan win, and india lose tomorrow #t20worldcup
new zealand, england in. now tomorrow somehow if south africa and pakistan get in too, we will have the 1992 quartet back on stage once again.
if pakistan beat bangladesh in their final game and either one between india or south africa lose their match then babar azam-led side will make it through to the semis.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
