live-score-sri-lanka-vs-england-t20-world-cup-2022-sl-vs-eng-today-match-latest-scorecard-at-sydney-101667629633945.

sri lanka vs england, t20 world cup 2022 highlights: it was ben stokes the batter who took england over the line in the end. it initially looked like the 142-run chase would be a cakewalk for them after alex hales got them off to a flying start. hales and captain jos buttler put up a 75 runs in just 44 balls but england lost their way in the middle overs, collapsing to 129/6 in the 18th over. stokes then knocked off the remaining runs with chris woakes taking england over the line with a four in the final over. england are through to the semi-finals and this also means that hosts and defending champions australia have been knocked out.

follow all the updates here:
sri lanka vs england live score: england beat sri lanka by 4 wickets, qualify for semi-finals
defending champions and hosts australia have been knocked out. woakes cuts the fourth ball of the last over past backward point and roars in delight. england have gotten over the line at last. ben stokes ends the game unbeaten on 42 off 36. there may be question marks over his place in this batting lineup but whenever england need an escape of some sorts, it is stokes who provides it. he played the situation perfectly in the last two overs, knocking the ball to empty areas of the field and running hard to convert the singles into doubles. if dawid malan is not able to turn up for england in the semi-finals, there is no doubt that stokes has to take up that no.3 spot.
t20 world cup live score: england need five to win off the last over
stokes will be on strike, maybe england can breath easy now. a dot ball and a single to end that over.
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score: fantastic running from stokes
the target comes down to six, stokes timing the ball beautifully, judging it perfectly when the third ball of the over went wide. there have been runs off all four balls of the over thus far.
sri lanka vs england live score: stokes and woakes
ben stokes is on 33 off 29, chris woakes walks in. dawid malan is still in the hut, remember but he is injured. it means he won't be able to run around and taking those singles would be england's preferred mode of scoring. they need 13 to win off 12.
t20 world cup live score: out! curran falls, game on!
another excellent catch, sri lanka have been impeccable in the field today, england are sliding. slow bouncer from lahiru kumara, curran pulls away and rajitha takes a sharp catch right at the ropes up at fine leg. now then, are england really going to make a mess of this?
curran c rajitha b kumara 6 (11), england 129/6 in 18 overs
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score: england 121/5 in 16 overs
well, it looked like this will be a cakewalk for england, especially after that opening stand. it has turned out to be anything but that. all eyes are now on ben stokes and sam curran. they don't need to bash it here, england need just 21 to win from 24 balls.
sri lanka vs england live score: gone! five down now!
how about that! england are falling in a heap! moeen takes a poke at this fullish length ball that gripped in the pitch a little. hits it straight to extra cover.
moeen ali c shanaka b dm de silva 1 (5), england 111/5 in 14.3 overs
t20 world cup live score: gone! livingstone now
now england are just throwing it away. livingstone tries to smash it over the bowler's head, ends up coming off the toe end of the bat and he is caught at long-on.
livingstone c dhananjaya b lahiru 4 (6), england 106/4 in 13.1 overs
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score: out! good catch from the bowler!
that is sharp work from dhananjaya de silva. he goes full on leg stump and brook chops it low back to the bowler. dhananjaya goes down in his follow through and clings on to a brilliant low catch.
brook c & b dhananjaya 4 (5), england 93/3 in 11 overs
sri lanka vs england live score: england 86/2 in 10 overs
stokes in the middle with harry brook. no better chance than this for stokes to reverse this poor run of form with the bat. england need 56 to win from 60.
t20 world cup live score: out! hales misses out on a half century!
oh, he has totally messed that up and spooned it to hasaranga. he goes for a slog sweep off this tossed up ball, too early to it and he cue ends the ball to hasaranga. how about that.
hales c & b hasaranga 47(30), england 82/2 in 9.1 overs
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score: out! stunner of a catch from karunaratne!
buttler doesn't really middle this hit across the line against hasaranga. karunaratne is in play and he runs accross and dives to complete the catch. the opening stand ends on 75.
buttler c karunaratne b hasaranga 28 (23), england 75/1 in 7.2 overs
sri lanka vs england live score: four! 20 runs off the 6th over
that over has gone 2, 6, 4, 4, dot, 4. england have scored 70 runs in the powerplay, the most by any team in this period throughout this tournament.
t20 world cup live score: bit of a scare for hales
hales takes a swing at the next ball, misses it and it is just the wicketkeeper who appeals. umpire gives not out but shanaka goes for a review. the ball went quite close to the bat and its toe end also hit the ground at the same time so there was a bit of a doubt there but the umpire's decision is held up.
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score: four again!
hales has gone 6, 4, 4. this latest one is a full toss that is whipped off the pads to the boundary. england are 66/0 in 5.4 overs chasing a target of 142. they are flying, to say the least.
sri lanka vs england live score: four! hales rampage!
the next ball, slower one from rajitha and hales sends it over long-on for four. he is looking unstoppable.
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score: six! smashed!
hales slams the second ball of the sixth over through the line and the ball goes 77m into the crowd over mid-off. that is some shot, england are absolutely cruising along.
sri lanka vs england live score: six! england's 50 brought up in style
buttler smacks hasaranga over long-on for the first maximum of the england innings. he hit a four through the covers off the previous ball and they are now 50/0 in 5 overs.
t20 world cup live score: back to back fours for hales!
and a no ball as well from lahiru kumara! england doing it easy at the moment. hales first sends the third ball of the third over straight over the bowler's head, full extention of the drive and it takes a bounce before going to the boundary. then lahiru sends it in too full and straight and hales whips it off the pads.
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score: four! buttler gets going
full and quick from theekshana and buttler on to it like a rash. leans into it and smacks it past the fielder at mid-off.
sri lanka vs england live score: england 15/0 in 2 overs
hales gets another boundary off the second last ball of the over and that makes 12 from it. good start for england.
t20 world cup live score: four! hales with the first boundary
back of a length from kasun rajitha for the fourth ball of the second over and it is powered by hales over mid-off for four.
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score: the players return
jos buttler facing up with alex hales at the other end. maheesh theekshana bowls the first over for sri lanka. england need to score 142 to qualify for the semis.
sri lanka vs england live score: here is adil rashid
“they got off to a good start, but we came back strong, we stuck to our strengths. they were going well (in the powerplay), but that's t20 cricket, things can change very quickly. these conditions have been slow as compared to the other grounds, but we have to adapt quickly. i work hard in the nets, sometimes i bowl well, sometimes not so. hopefully we can do well as a team. it's a big second innings for us, hopefully we'll be able to come out and chase it down.”
t20 world cup live score: sri lanka 141/8 in 20 overs
three wickets in the last over, one run out and two catches. just 25 runs for five wickets in the death overs, expertly done by england in the end, completely turned the tables on the batting side. this is the lowest total by a team batting first at the scg and sri lanka looked good to get to around 180 before the last four overs.
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score: sri lanka 136/5 in 19 overs
just 32 runs in the last five overs and two wickets. hasaranga managed to get a boundary off the second last ball of the 19th was their first since the 16th over.
t20 world cup live score: out! wood gets one
this is just relentless pressure, the sri lankan run rate has fallen off a cliff and wood gets a wicket. wide outside off from the pacer, shanaka goes for the cut and he nicks it to the wicketkeeper.
shanaka c buttler b wood 3 (8), sri lanka 127/5 in 17.5 overs
sri lanka vs england live score: out! nissanka finally falls!
first wicket of the tournament for adil rashid, if you can believe it. nissanka skips down the track to hit the ball downtown, gets a lot of elevation but no distance and is caught at long-on. chris jordan is the catcher and he is in as a substitute for the injured dawid malan.
nissanka c sub (cj jordan) b rashid 67 (45), sri lanka 118/4 in 15.3 overs
sri lanka vs england live score: four! sri lanka get to 100
rajapaksa waits for this slow one from stokes and cuts it over short third man. sri lanka reach the 100-run mark inside 13 overs.
t20 world cup live score: six! nissanka continues his charge
full from stokes just outside off, nissanka sends it sailing over midwicket for another maximum.
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score:  stokes strikes
a good delivery from stokes. shorter one, outside off and asalanka goes hard at it only to end up miscuing it straight to malan at backward point. he goes back for 8 off 9. sri lanka 84/3 in 10.4 overs
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score: gone!
dhananjaya de silva holes out at deep midwicket, sam curran strikes for england.
dhananjaya c stokes b curran 9 (11), sri lanka 72/2 in 8.2 overs
sri lanka vs england live score: sri lanka 71/1 in 8 overs
no boundaries in this over bowled by rashid but it's wickets that england are looking for and they weren't close to getting one in this over. sam curran comes back for the ninth.
t20 world cup live score: six! nissanka into the 40s
smacks livingstone over long-on. nissanka continues his power-hitting and there are some frowns among the red shirts on the ground.
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score: sri lanka 54/1 in 6 overs
pathum nissanka is on 32 off 20 and dhananjaya de silva has scored two runs in as many balls. five sixes and two fours thus far.
sri lanka vs england live score: four and six! 50 up for sl in 4.5 overs!
sam curran bowling the fifth, he goes short for the fourth ball of the over and nissanka gets a top edge on it that flies over the wicketkeeper for four. he flicks the next ball and that is just out of reach for deep backward square leg for six. nissanka living dangerously at the moment but this is a very good start for sri lanka.
t20 world cup live score: out! brilliant catch by livingstone
mendis looks to continue the aggression and falls for it. he pulls the last ball of woakes's over, livingstone runs to his left from deep backward square leg, gets there just in time and completes the catch sliding along the ground. perfect judgement and england get their first wicket.
mendis c livingstone b woakes 18 (14), sri lanka 39/1 in 4 overs
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score: six! over starts with one and ends with one
sri lanka are 32/0 in 3 overs. as far as boundaries, go it has been six or nothing so far. this time nissanka goes for an upper cut, seemed like third man was in play but it is well out of reach for liam livingstone, probably the tallest player in that england lineup.
sri lanka vs england live score: six!
vulnerability to express pace? what's that? mendis picks this one off a length absolutely smashes it accross the line and deposits it in the crowd behind deep square leg.
t20 world cup live score: sri lanka 15/0 in 2 overs
jos buttler brings in mark wood for the third. he wants a wicket here, just six runs off the second over and sri lanka are vulnerable to express pace.
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score: six! off the second ball of the match
a bit of a freebie there from stokes, on to the hips, not too much pace and nissanka just swivels around to put it beyond the boundary.
t20 world cup live score: here we go!
pathum nissanka and kusal mendis make their way into the middle with their bats and kits. ben stokes will bowl the first over for england.
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score: the national anthems
there is a good crowd gathering at the scg as the two sets of players make their way into the middle. they have their flags stretched out behind them, first is england and then sri lanka.
sri lanka vs england live score: the pitch
it seems as dusty and cracked as any you would find in india, a used pitch and graeme swann says it looks like a day 3 pitch in a first class match. thus far, teams batting first in t20is have a 100 percent winning record at the scg. well, well, well.
t20 world cup live score: jos buttler's thoughts
“it's a used wicket, we need to play well, we need to play our best cricket. would have batted first as well. we need to adapt to the conditions quickly, we have plenty of options with seam and spin. we are going in with the same team.”
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score: what dasun shanaka says
“we are going to bat first. it's a used wicket, last 7 games were won by teams batting first. we have one change, karunaratne is in. it's an important game for us, we want to carry the pride for us. hope we'll get some turn, like we did against new zealand (at this venue).”
sri lanka vs england live score: sri lanka xi
pathum nissanka, kusal mendis(w), dhananjaya de silva, charith asalanka, bhanuka rajapaksa, dasun shanaka(c), wanindu hasaranga, chamika karunaratne, maheesh theekshana, lahiru kumara, kasun rajitha
t20 world cup live score: england xi
jos buttler(w/c), alex hales, moeen ali, liam livingstone, harry brook, ben stokes, sam curran, dawid malan, chris woakes, adil rashid, mark wood
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score: toss alert!
sri lanka have won the toss, choose to bat first. jos buttler says that he would have chosen to bat first as well.
sri lanka vs england live score: the ben stokes conundrum
stokes has been useful as a fast bowler, as brilliant as ever in the field, but he has been woeful with the bat. he has scored 2, 6 and 8 runs in this tournament and has a total strike rate of 100 in six t20i innings this year.
t20 world cup live score: the scg
the last time england played a world cup match at the scg was in 2015. england had beat afghanistan by 9 wickets but it was nothing more than a facile end to a disastrous campaign for them. it led to an overhaul of england's limited overs setup that famously led to them winning the world cup in 2019.
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score: rain check
relatively good news in the rain department, there are very little chances of showers today. doesn't mean that there will be no showers at all, of course. but, as mr. pharrell williams said, sunshine is just a cloud away.
t20 world cup live score: sri lanka's top order
most of sri lanka's gains in this tournament has come whenever their top three has fired but they are in for a real challenge today facing chris woakes and mark wood up front. there is the in-form sam curran coming in as well later in the innings.
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score: england full squad
jos buttler(w/c), alex hales, moeen ali, liam livingstone, harry brook, ben stokes, sam curran, dawid malan, chris woakes, adil rashid, mark wood, chris jordan, david willey, tymal mills, philip salt
sri lanka vs england live score: sri lanka full squad
pathum nissanka, kusal mendis(w), dhananjaya de silva, charith asalanka, bhanuka rajapaksa, dasun shanaka(c), wanindu hasaranga, maheesh theekshana, pramod madushan, lahiru kumara, kasun rajitha, jeffrey vandersay, chamika karunaratne, asitha fernando, ashen bandara
t20 world cup live score: the qualification race
australia's win over afghanistan ended the extremely slender hopes that sri lanka had of making it to the semi-finals. new zealand's qualification was also confirmed halfway through that match, with australia scoring 168/8 making it impossible for them to overtake the kiwis on net run rate. their inability to then dismiss afghanistan for a score below 106 confirmed that they won't overtake england on net run rate.
sl vs eng t20 world cup live score: hello and welcome!
after days of dealing with different permutations and combinations, it has come down to a very simple equation for england: beat sri lanka and go through to the semis, or else lose, and then go back home. nothing about getting sri lanka for some amount of runs or having to score a mountain of runs to get their net run rate up, it's just plain and simple. win this match. it's all cricket here, and the little math that's involved during a match.
