live-score-pakistan-vs-south-africa-t20-world-cup-2022-pak-vs-sa-today-match-latest-scorecard-at-sydney-101667456115345.

pakistan vs south africa, t20 world cup 2022 highlights: shadab khan first turned the game around in pakistan's favour with the bat and then he did the same with the ball as his side recorded a crucial win against south africa in sydney on thursday. shadab's 22-ball 52 is what pushed pakistan to a score of 185/9 after a disastrous powerplay. he then took two wickets in the eighth over just before rain interrupted play. that led to south africa needing to chase down a revised target of 142 in 14 overs. the proteas fell short in the end and pakistan have kept themselves in the chase for a semi-final spot.

follow all the updates here:
pak vs sa live score: what this does to group 1
pakistan jump up to third, having now taken four points in two games. crucially, their net run rate is now +1.117 which is higher than that of top-placed india. it means that if pakistan beat bangladesh in their final super 12 game on sunday and then zimbabwe pull an almighty upset against india, babar azam and co. could just about sneak through to the semi-finals. imagine the scandal if that happens. that's it from us here, see you around as this t20 world cup heats up!
t20 world cup live: pakistan win by 33 run (dls  method)
a four to end the match, shadab runs behind it but is not able to stop the ball. however, it is fitting that he has the ball in his hands in the end. his 52 off 22 is what fueled pakistan's extraordinary recovery after their disastrous powerplay. and then, he got bavuma and markram in the same over and those wickets is what inflated the target to 142 to be won in 14 overs.
pakistan vs south africa live: gone!
nortje goes for an almighty heave, and the ball nicely floats to deep midwicket. before that, rabada was run out off the second ball.
pak vs sa t20 world cup live: south africa need 41 to win in six balls
haris rauf bowling. no no-balls or wides, just get through the over and that will do the job for pakistan. south africa will be looking to score as many as possible here to ensure that their net run rate doesn't take too much of a beating.
pak vs sa live score: gone! that should be the game
slow bouncer, stubbs pulls it straight to deep square leg. that should be the end of the south african challenge.
stubbs c mohammad nawaz b naseem shah 18 (18), south africa 101/7 in 12.4 overs
t20 world cup live: just 2 runs off the first two balls!
naseem shah is the bowler stubbs manages to get the first ball leg side. the batters run two with that but then naseem sends in two slow bouncers and they are both dots.
pakistan vs south africa live: south africa 99/6 in 12 overs
into the last two overs. rabada refused a single off the last ball of the 12th to ensure that stubbs remains on strike. south africa need 43 to win.
pak vs sa t20 world cup live: gone! and another!
wayne parnell is stone dead in front of the stumps. he goes for the drs but that is more in hope than anything else. ball tracking shows three reds and he has to go, mohammad wasim strikes.
parnell lbw b mohammad wasim 3 (4), south africa 99/6 in 11.5 overs
pak vs sa live score: out! klaasen goes, afridi gets his third!
this time he gets a leading edge on an attempted flick and the ball goes up into the clouds. mohammad wasim waits for it for what seems like ages and holds on to it. that is afridi's third wicket and what a big wicket it is.
klaasen c mohammad wasim b shaheen shah afridi 15 (9), south africa 94/5 in 10.5 overs, need 48 to win off 19 balls
t20 world cup live: back to back fours!
fourth ball of the 11th over bowled by afridi and klaasen flicks it to cow-corner. then he lifts the next ball to the long-on area and it takes a bounce before going to the boundary. 48 needed off 20 now.
pakistan vs south africa live: four! south africa 83/4 in 10 overs
klaasen nails the revers sweep and ends shadab's over with a four. the ball races to sweeper cover. south africa need 59 to win off 24 balls.
pak vs sa t20 world cup live: six! here we go!
top spinner from shadab and stubbs smashes that for a six to the short cover boundary.
pak vs sa live score: players return!
so here we go, it is going to be carnage one way or the other now. kaasen takes his mark, shadab khan bowling the 10th.
t20 world cup live: south africa have to chase 142 in 14 overs
that means they have to 73 runs off five overs. that is steep to say the least. henrich klaasen and tristan stubbs have to come out swinging. as stated earlier, play resumes at 5.10pm which means in about a minute.
pakistan vs south africa live: play to resume at 5.10pm
right then, there is no rain, the covers have been taken off. the umpire seems to be telling babar the revised playing conditions but it is yet to be made public. play will resume at 5.10pm ist is what is being said for now.
pak vs sa t20 world cup live: the covers come back on, and then go back off!
this seems to be more decisive now. the stumps are being pitched and we could have resumption any time it seems.
pak vs sa live score: pitch remains covered
well the fans had cheered when the big cover was taken off but then nothing further has happened yet. we will start losing overs in the next couple of minutes. remember, south africa are 15 runs behind the dls par score if the game is to be called as it stands.
t20 world cup live: the covers being taken off!
there we go, the cover has been taken off now. the drizzle is not as strong as it was when the players taken off. the pitch remains covered though and there are members of the ground staff still at the ground.
pakistan vs south africa live: mizzle at the scg
nasser hussain said earlier that this is somewhere between a proper shower and a drizzle, which he further said is called a “mizzle” back home in the uk. danny morisson says that it is that niggling sort of rain at the moment where it is not too strong but it is hard enough to not allow the game to go forward.
pak vs sa t20 world cup live: drizzle gets heavier
the umpires call the covers over as the rain gets heavier. we could be here for a while now.
pak vs sa live score: if pakistan win...
they will go up to four points and jump up to third. india will keep their top spot and south africa will remain second because they will remain one point ahead of pakistan. however, this will put slightly more pressure on india to win that match against zimbabwe because it is pretty clear now that if india lose that game and pakistan win theirs, it will be pakistan and not india who go through. so, strangely enough, if pakistan win today, india retain their top spot but will be under more pressure. if south africa win, india will go down to second, probably permanently, but they will be more secure.
t20 world cup live: rains are here! umpires lead the players off
dls par score after 9 overs is 85, so south africa are 16 runs behind at the moment. steady drizzle now and the players are off.
pak vs sa t20 world cup live: gone! markram knocked over!
shadab made the difference with the bat, now he makes the difference with the ball. top spin deceives markram completely and the ball makes a mess of the stumps behind him.
markram b shadab khan 20 (14), south africa 66/4 in 7.3 overs
pak vs sa live score: out! bavuma falls!
first ball of the match for shadab and he gets a wicket. just the slightest of spins there, bavuma gets the edge and rizwan is alert to take right behind the wicket.
bavuma c mohammad rizwan b shadab khan 36 (19), south africa 66/3 in 7.2 overs
t20 world cup live: four! south africa 65/2 in 7 overs
markram drives uppish and it goes between mid-wicket and cover. 17 runs off that over from haris rauf.
pakistan vs south africa live: six! boom-boom bavuma!
that is extraordinary from the south africa skipper. 148kph boult from haris rauf, bavuma scoops it high over backward square leg. that might just go down as the shot of the chase.
pak vs sa t20 world cup live: end of powerplay, south africa 48/2
a steady-looking partnership here between bavuma and markram. bavuma is looking better than he ever has throughout this year really, he has moved to 28 off 15 balls.
pak vs sa live score: back to back fours!
markram ends the over with two fours. he first clears cover with a shot that he miscued a bit. then he flicks it over mid-on for the second four. south africa 36/2 in four overs
pak vs sa t20 world cup live: mix-up! close call for bavuma!
a little yes no, he dabs the ball down the ground and sets out. then he hesitates for a millisecond as he saw naseem shah coming across to get the ball. markram continues running and so bavuma proceeds, he puts in the dive, direct hit from naseem but the throw is woefully short of power. it is sent to the third umpire and replay shows that bavuma had made it. he is looking pretty good and this would have been a terrible way to go, he started the run and then he himself hesitated.
pak vs sa live score: four! bavuma looking good
that is brilliant from the south african captain. times this uppercut over backward point perfectly and it races to the boundary.
t20 world cup live: four!
haris rauf comes in for the fourth over and is welcomed by bavuma with a boundary. he flicks it very fine for four towards the fine leg boundary.
pakistan vs south africa live: out! afridi strikes again!
rossouw top edges this slash and it carries to third man. wicket no.2 for shaheen and pakistan firmly in control here.
rossouw c naseem shah b shaheen afridi 7 (6), south africa 16/2 in 2.4 overs
pak vs sa t20 world cup live: six! rossouw off the mark!
length ball from naseem shah on his hips and rossouw just whips it away over the boundary. rilee rossouw has scored two centuries and three ducks in his last five innings so it's century or nothing for now. he is off the mark here…
pak vs sa live score: gone! de kock gone for a duck!
shaheen afridi strikes! de kock tries to clear midwicket and ends up floating it to mohammad haris. de kock is gone without scoring and that is a big wicket.
quinton de kock c mohammad haris b shaheen afridi 0 (5), south africa 1/1 in 1 over
t20 world cup live: the players are back!
so no delays here, the rain has cleared off. temba bavuma takes his mark with quinton de kock at the other end, shaheen afridi bowls the first over.
pakistan vs south africa live: here is anrich nortje, who took four wickets
“happy with the start, at the end, may be too many boundaries at the back-end. i thought the wicket got better with rain coming, it didn't get flatter, but the ball skidded a lot more. they (ifthikhar and shadab) kept on coming at us the whole time, it was a good test for us. i'm sure we can chase this score down.”
pak vs sa t20 world cup live: pakistan's recovery
such was the brilliance of shadab and iftikhar's partnership that there is almost a sense of pakistan not quite scoring as much as they could have at the end of it all. when they were four wickets down in the first seven overs earlier on, a score even close to 180 looked improbable. a wonderful innings from iftikhar, whose 51 off 35 balls was the anchor of the innings for the second half of the 20 overs. shadab's 52 off 22 was the other big factor.
pak vs sa live score: pakistan 185/9 in 20 overs
dropped catches, fumbles and a diving runout, those last three-four balls had everything. that has to be one of the most chaotic end to an innings you will ever get to see. it is drizzling there and that seems to do no favours for south africa. they drop a catch off the fifth ball and pakistan run three. another catching chance off the next ball that the fielder cannot get to, the batters run for their lives. the throw is fumbled slightly by bavuma and in the end, he just runs to the stumps with the ball and dives on to it a la jonty rhodes. that does the job.
t20 world cup live: out! team hat-trick and iftikhar falls
a brilliant catch, south africa seem to have found themselves in the field. iftikhar skies rabada to long-on and rossouw jumps up and takes the catch behind his head. then he makes sure that he stays within the boundary. sharp work.
iftikhar c rossouw b rabada 51 (35), pakistan 177/8 in 19.1 overs
pakistan vs south africa live: out! back to back wickets, pakistan 177/7 in 19 overs
wasim swings for the rafters and goes for a golden duck. iftikhar ahmed is on strike for the last over and pakistan can eye something over 185 now, which makes it an extremely good fightback.
pak vs sa t20 world cup live: out! but the damage has been done!
well there was a dropped catch off the previous ball, with markram dropping a sitter of shadab at long-on. it led to the umpires conferring if the players should be taken off, there is a steady drizzle now. but they carry on, shadab goes aerial again and finally, south africa hold on to the catch. standing ovation from the crowd for that blinder of an innings.
shadab khan c stubbs b nortje 52 (22), pakistan 177/6 in 18.5 overs
t20 world cup live: six off free hit! 20-ball fifty for shadab!
he smashes that one down the ground! shadab khan and iftikhar have absolutely turned this around on the proteas.
pakistan vs south africa live: six off a no ball!
full toss above waste high from nortje, shadab pulls it away for six and nortje will have to to bowl it again! it is all going south for south africa.
t20 world cup live: 50 for iftikhar!
what an innings this is, could be the difference between victory and defeat for pakistan. he has got there in 33 balls and pakistan are 161/5 in 18.1 overs.
pak vs sa live score: four and six! pakistan on the charge!
nortje bowling the 17th and shadab nails the drive past mid-off for four off the third ball. then he upper cuts nortje to send the ball over the boundary. the partnership is now worth 51 runs in 23 balls!
t20 world cup live: pakistan 135/5 in 16 overs
shadab ends the 16th over with a four. this partnership is worth 40 runs already in just 18 balls.
pakistan vs south africa live: six! iftikhar turning it on for pakistan!
short from ngidi for the fourth ball of the 16th and iftikhar creams the pull shot to send that into the stands.
pak vs sa t20 world cup live: six! shadab comes out swinging!
smacks the full delivery from shamsi over extra cover. he had hit the first ball of the 15th for four, then taken two and then the six.
pak vs sa live score: six!
parnell returns for the 14th and the first ball of the over is sent downtown by iftikhar for a six.
t20 world cup live: out! the fightback ends!
sweep again but this time he is struck on the pads. south africa appeal, the batters run as the umpire slowly raises that finger. there is a direct hit as well, nawaz walks away without even conferring with his partner. strangely enough, it looks like nawaz had got a faint edge on that ball in the most rudimentary of replays.
nawaz lbw b shamsi 28 (22), pakistan 95/5 in 13 overs
pakistan vs south africa live: six! nawaz switching gears
lovely sweep shot, sends it over the square leg area and into the crowd. first six of the match for nawaz.
pak vs sa t20 world cup live: four! markram misjudges the catch!
is this a domino effect? nawaz not able to nail that lofted cover drive, markram leaves his post to come running in but the ball goes over his head for four. fourth boundary for nawaz.
pak vs sa live score: four! pakistan 82/4 in 12 overs
back to back fours to end the 12th. 11 runs have come in it and considering it is the extremely dangerous ngidi bowling, that is a very good result indeed.
t20 world cup live: misfield and four!
stop the press! south africa have made a mistake in the field! nawaz guides the short ball outside off from ngidi towards third man where shamsi makes a schoolboy error in picking the ball. it rolls away to the boundary.
pakistan vs south africa live: 10 overs gone, pakistan 68/4
pakistan on shaky ground here. nawaz and iftikhar have put up 25 runs for the fifth wicket off 24 balls. danny morrison had said in commentary that there was a speckle of rain as the light faded away but no problems caused by it at all.
pak vs sa t20 world cup live: four!
iftikhar drives rabada on the up to send the third ball of the 10th over to the boundary. the first ball of the over had also gone for four after which the batter ran two. rabada has been quite expensive today, 33 runs off him in 2.3 overs already.
pak vs sa live score: pakistan 50/4 in 8 overs
shamsi will be back into the attack. mohammad nawaz and iftikhar ahmed in the middle. both are players who can score runs quickly but here, pakistan will need them to stay till the end.
t20 world cup live: gone!
pakistan are crumbling here. slow one from nortje after he bows two thunderbolts first up, a prod from shan masood and he spoons it to bavuma at mid-off. pakistan in dire trouble now.
masood c bavuma b nortje 2 (6), pakistan 43/4 in 6.3 overs
pakistan vs south africa live: end of powerplay, pakistan 42/3
42 in the powerplay is not exactly a bad score but it is not great either. add to that the fact that they have lost their top three and that means south africa may have edged it in this powerplay. it's now iftikhar ahmed and shan masood in the middle.
pak vs sa t20 world cup live: out! babar falls, what a catch from rabada!
rabada, you beauty. babar goes aerial, the shot has the height but not the distance. rabada runs towards the boundary from midwicket, stretches out his hands and catches the ball while moving.
babar azam c rabada b ngidi 6 (15), pakistan 40/3 in 5.2 overs
pak vs sa live score: out! and the carnage ends
and the rampage ends. haris shuffles across to try and whip this length delivery and misses. nortje goes up in appeal and the umpire gives it. haris has a little chat with babar before asking for drs. three reds it is and that is the end of this fast and furious cameo.
haris lbw b nortje 28 (11), pakistan 38/2 in 4.4 overs
t20 world cup live: six! haris scoops nortje!
oh, the nerve, the audacity! where has haris been all tournament? length ball on middle, haris shuffles across and sends that sailing over the wicketkeeper's head. he has reached 28 in 10 balls!
pakistan vs south africa live: pakistan 31/1 in 4 overs
ngidi keeps things quite in the third over, with babar being lucky to have not got an edge to an almighty heave that he missed entirely. now anrich nortje comes in.
pak vs sa live score: four! haris smacking it everywhere!
short ball on off stump, haris ends up getting an uppercut and sends the ball fine for another boundary. he has raced to 20 off 6 balls!
t20 world cup live: four! 17 runs off the 2nd over!
6, 6, 4 is how that over ends. short from rabada on off, haris pulls this one flat through square leg. what an over, haris had been hit on the head off the second ball he faced in the first over, he has followed that up by sending the rest of the balls he faced to the boundary.
pakistan vs south africa live: back to back sixes!
mohammad haris, the man who has been brought on for the injured fakhar zaman, is easing himself into the tournament quite nicely. he whips out a flick for a half volley and clears the short boundary. then rabada brings out the short one and that is sent over fine leg.
pak vs sa t20 world cup live: out! and rizwan falls
played on! wayne parnell is off doing that cristiano ronaldo celebration again. cramped him for room and rizwan tries to open the face of the bat to cut it away. gets an inside edge and the ball hits the stumps.
rizwan b parnell 4 (4), pakistan 4/1 in 0.4 overs
pak vs sa live score: four! rizwan hits the first boundary of the match
short outside off from parnell, rizwan cuts it away to the boundary. four runs off the first two balls for pakistan.
t20 world cup live: the players are out!
right, here we go. babar azam and mohammad rizwan out in the middle for pakistan, wayne parnell opens the bowling for south africa.
pakistan vs south africa live: babar and bavuma
bavuma may not be as highly regarded as babar as a batter but the south africa captain is currently comparable with his pakistan counterpart for all the wrong reasons. both players have had wretched runs in this tournament and, in the case of bavuma, there is a very real chance that he would have been dropped today had it not been for the fact that south africa are in a strong position. babar will have to step up today if his team are to stand any chance of winning this match.
t20 world cup live: the national anthems
here are the two sets of players, lined up with their flags stretched out behind them.
pak vs sa live score: babar azam's words
“we will bat. put runs on the board and then place them under pressure in the chase. we will try and give our best and then move forward. one change for us - fakhar misses out, haris is in”
pak vs sa t20 world cup live: what temba bavuma said
“we would have batted first as well, looks a bit dry, but there is some green. batting first is an advantage, but we need to keep them down to a low score and then chase well. we have a great bunch of guys and have derived a lot of support and confidence from them. two changes for us - one is a forced one with miller missing out with an injury, klaasen replaces him. shamsi is in, he replaces keshav maharaj”
pakistan vs south africa live: south africa xi
quinton de kock(w), temba bavuma(c), rilee rossouw, aiden markram, heinrich klaasen, tristan stubbs, wayne parnell, kagiso rabada, lungi ngidi, anrich nortje, tabraiz shamsi
pak vs sa t20 world cup live: pakistan xi
mohammad rizwan(w), babar azam(c), mohammad haris, shan masood, iftikhar ahmed, shadab khan, mohammad nawaz, mohammad wasim jr, shaheen afridi, haris rauf, naseem shah
pak vs sa live score: toss time!
babar azam wins the toss and chooses to bat first. the pakistan captain had flicked the coin and he had to that twice as he made a bit of a mess of it the first time. temba bavuma says that david miller is injured and won't be playing today.
t20 world cup live: the pitch
the boundary towards cow corner goes up to 89m here and straight down the ground is 84. history has favoured teams who have batted first and that could be the case today as well, says dale steyn.
pakistan vs south africa live: shaheen afridi
it is pretty clear to everyone now that the leader of pakistan's pace attack is not fully fit and has been rushed in his recovery to play in this world cup. gautam gambhir says that this has actually hurt pakistan as they could have got in someone who could got full steam.
pak vs sa live score: history against south africa
south africa have not beaten pakistan in any kind of world cup since june 1999. mark boucher and saqlain mushtaq were playing at the time, the former being one of the youngsters in the team. they both are in the coaching staff of the two teams now.
t20 world cup live: south africa full squad
quinton de kock(w), temba bavuma(c), rilee rossouw, aiden markram, david miller, tristan stubbs, wayne parnell, keshav maharaj, kagiso rabada, lungi ngidi, anrich nortje, tabraiz shamsi, marco jansen, heinrich klaasen, reeza hendricks
pakistan vs south africa live: pakistan full squad
mohammad rizwan(w), babar azam(c), mohammad haris, shan masood, iftikhar ahmed, shadab khan, mohammad nawaz, mohammad wasim jr, shaheen afridi, haris rauf, naseem shah, mohammad hasnain, khushdil shah, haider ali, asif ali
pak vs sa t20 world cup live: how the result affects india
a win for south africa today would mean that it will become mathematically impossible for pakistan to catch up with india. while zimbabwe and bangladesh may have more points than them, it is pakistan who are the biggest threat to india's qualification because of their net run rate. it means that a loss for pakistan would put virtually put india in the semi-final spot, with their last match of the super 12 stage against zimbabwe becoming practically a dead rubber. a win for pakistan, however, would keep them on india's tail.
pak vs sa live score: rain check
there is, of course a third possibility of the match getting washed out but that won't happen today. the forecast is 40 percent chance for showers, which is standard for sydney. however, if it does happen, pakistan are out.
t20 world cup live: how close are pakistan to the brink?
the short answer to that question is: very. the long answer is: pakistan first of all have to actually depend on a win against south africa. therein lies a huge issue for them because their opening pair has not clicked in this tournament and south africa's fast bowlers have been breathing fire. apart from that, the south african batters, except captain temba bavuma, are all in great form. then, they have to beat bangladesh by preferably a strong margin. apart from this, they have to hope that india don't beat zimbabwe in their last match of the tournament. what all this basically means is that pakistan need a lot of luck to go their way this week.
pakistan vs south africa live: hello and welcome!
the stakes couldn't be higher. pakistan must win to stay in contention, south africa for confirming a spot for themselves in the semi-finals. pakistan will need india to lose their last match against zimbabwe while winning today's game and their last fixture of the super 12 bangladesh on sunday, preferably by big margins, to reach the semi-finals. those two defeats in the first two matches have taken their fate out of their hands.
