india-vs-bangladesh-live-cricket-score-t20-world-cup-2022-ind-vs-ban-today-match-latest-scorecard-at-adelaide-101667364675344.

india vs bangladesh t20 world cup 2022 highlights: india beat bangladesh by five runs in a rain affected super 12 encounter in adelaide on wednesday. with this outcome, the men in blue climb top of the group 2 table as they now have six points from four matches. the match started with bangladesh inviting india to bat first. india got off to a slow start, losing skipper rohit sharma for 2. however, fifty from kl rahul and an unbeaten 44-ball 64 by virat kohli powered india to 184/6 in 20 overs. in response, bangladesh started strong with litton das leading the run chase. he went to slam a 21-ball 50, before rain stopped the play, which also saw the target get reduced to 151 in 16 overs. as soon as the action resumed, bangladesh kept losing wickets in a hurry, which started with das getting run-out for 60. soon mohammed shami provided india with the second breakthrough. arshdeep singh then struck twice in the same over and hardik pandya scalped two in the following over. catch all the highlights of ind vs ban, t20 world cup:

follow all the updates here:
ind vs ban live score: india win by 5 runs
nurul hasan hits a four. goes deep into the crease and hits the yorker for a boundary towards the third man region.
a single come off the final ball as india win by 5 runs as per the dls method.
ind vs ban live score: good recovery by arshdeep
arshdeep, however, keeps his calm and beats the batter in the following delivery. the batter then sneaks in a double to reduce the equation to 12 off 2 balls.
ind vs ban live score: six
nurul hasan, who failed to connect against pandya in the previous over, hits a length ball by arshdeep for a six. the ball travels over the square leg fence as equation reduces to 13 off 4 balls.
ind vs ban live score: final over by arshdeep
arshdeep runs in to bowl the final over and he gets the inside edge of taskin ahmed as the batter sneak in a single. india won't mind that.
ind vs ban live score: 20 off the final over
a good recovery by hardik pandya as he concedes just one run in the final three balls. they need 20 off the final over. meanwhile, there's boo all around the stadium as the batter appealed for wide but the umpire showed no interest.
all eyes on taskin
ind vs ban live score: expensive over by hardik pandya
taskin ahmed welcomes hardik pandya with a four, gets beaten in the second ball and then slams him for a six towards the mid-wicket region. 10 runs come off the first three balls.
ind vs ban live score: 31 required off 12 balls
arshdeep singh comes to bowl the 14th over and he is hit for a four by nurul hasan. the batter then plays a upper cut and sneaks in a double, before passing the strike to taskin ahmed in the form of a leg-bye.
he concedes 12 runs in the over as the equation reduces to 31 required off 12 balls. ban: 120/6 (14 overs)
ind vs ban live score: hardik pandya scalps two in same over
hardik pandya now joins the party and does what arshdeep had done in the previous over. he removes yasir ali and then goes on to clean up mosaddek hossain in the same over. ban: 108/6 (13 overs)
ind vs ban live score: arshdeep singh strikes twice
arshdeep singh strikes as bangladesh lose their third wicket. afif hossain is the batter dismissed as he is caught by suryakumar yadav. he departs for 3(5).
he then goes to dismiss shakib in the same over. deepak hooda, the substitute fielder, takes a good catch to send the bangladesh captain packing on 13.
ban: 101-4 (12 overs)
ind vs ban live score: good over for bangladesh
ashwin is brought back into the attack and the spinner concedes 11 runs as bangladesh move to 99/2 after 11 overs. they need 52 runs in 30 balls
ind vs ban live score: mohammed shami strikes
mohammed shami strikes as bangladesh lose their second wicket. shanto plays it straight to suryakumar yadav, who collects it calmly at the long-on region and his celebration says how much it means for india. the batter departs for 21(25).
afif hossain joins shakib in the middle.
four runs and a wicket come off the over as bangladesh reach 88/2 after 10 overs.
ind vs ban live score: shanto hits pandya for a 6
rohit gets hardik pandya into the attack and he is hit for a six by shanto over the fine leg fielder.
however, pandya recovers well and concedes just two runs after being hit for a six. ban: 84/1 (6 overs)
ind vs ban live score: wicket for india
the breakthrough india were looking for. litton das is run-out for 60(27) bangladesh lose their first wicket. kl rahul is the man with the direct hit.
shakib al hasan is the new batter in the middle as shanto takes over from das.
he whacks r ashwin for a boundary towards the cover region as bangladesh reach 74/1 after 8 overs.
ind vs ban live score: revised target 151
the revised target is 151. bangladesh require 85 runs from 9 overs. action to start shortly
ind vs ban live score: rain has stopped
the umpires have walked out as rains have stopped, maybe an inspection happening.
still no official word on when will the action resume.
ind vs ban live score: covers are being removed
the rain is still pouring but covers are being removed. we still have to wait for the official word.
ind vs ban live score: equation at the moment
bangladesh were batting at 66/0 after 7 overs, when rain stopped play. no overs have been reduced so far, so the equation at the moment stands as bangladesh need 119 runs in 78 balls.
ind vs ban live score: groundsmen at work
while it is pouring, the groundsmen have already got into work. tv visuals show that the ropes are out, not allowing the ground to soak in any water.
ind vs ban live score: it's raining heavily
as per latest updates the rain is coming down slightly heavily, but covers are still on. z
meanwhile, rohit sharma and rahul dravid are having a chat with the umpire.
ind vs ban live score: not good for india
lets hope the rain passes away soon because as per dls calculation bangladesh are 17 runs ahead at the moment.
ind vs ban live score: rain stops play
axar patel is introduced into the attack after the powerplay and he starts off with a six run over. ban: 66/0 (7 overs)
meanwhile, the covers are coming on as rains are pouring heavily at the moment.
ind vs ban live score: litton das completes his fifty
litton das completes his fifty and continues to hit boundaries. this time it's mohammed shami, who is facing his wrath. he takes bangladesh to 60 for no loss in the powerplay overs.
ind vs ban live score: direct hit but the batter is safe
direct hit but the batter is safe home as bhuvneshwar kumar comes to deliver his third over. it was litton das, who was running towards the danger end, but in the end makes it comfortably.
das then goes to hit the pacer for a six as bangladesh reach 44/0 after 5 overs. he is batting on 41 off 19 balls.
ind vs ban live score: good start by shami
rohit sharma gets mohammed shami into the attack. das starts off with two runs, before charging down the ground but failing to connect against shami. he then goes for the big hit, manages to get the connection this time, but will have to be content with three runs.
five runs come off the over as bangladesh move to 35/0 after 4 overs.
ind vs ban live score: litton das continues his attack
litton das continues his attack and hits bhuvneshwar kumar for a six, and follows it up with consecutive fours. there's an outside edge as well but dk fails to hold on to the ball, just manages to get his fingertips. ban: 30/0 (3 overs)
ind vs ban live score: expensive start by arshdeep
arshdeep singh pitches it full and litton das plays it straight past the bowler's legs for a four. two boundaries come off the over before litton gets an edge, which is collected by dinesh karthik. the umpires aren't convinced and ask for a tv referral. replay confirms that the ball had bounced right before settling in karthik's gloves.
litton then goes on to end the over with another four as 12 runs come off the over. ban: 14/0 (2 overs)

ind vs ban live score: bhuvneshwar starts well
shanto and litton das will start the run chase for bangladesh. bhuvneshwar kumar will lead the attack for india.
he starts off with a two-run over. ban: 2/0 (1 over)

ind vs ban live score: kl rahul on his knock
“i think i was doing a lot of things right. i wasn't worried about missing out in the last three games. i am happy i got a good innings under my belt.”
ind  vs ban live score: india post 184/6
as shoriful islam gears up for virat kohli, r ashwin comes out of syllabus. kohli passes the strike to ashwin in the first ball, who then hits the bowler for a six and a four.
india reach 184/6 in 20 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score: kohli hits a four and a six
hasan mahmud removes axar patel in the first ball of the 19th over as the all-rounder departs for 7.
however, the key player virat kohli is doing the actual damage as he smashes the bowler for a boundary and maximum in the final two balls. ind reach 170/6 after 19 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score: ind reach 157/5 in 18 overs
a mix-up in the middle between dinesh karthik and virat kohli and the former is run-out for 7.
axar patel is the new batter in and he starts off with a boundary, but mustafizur shows why he is one of the best in the business. he concedes just three runs after that boundary as ind reach 157/5 in 18 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score: kohli slams 50
virat kohli completes his fifty, as he anchors india's innings. completes the milestone in 37 balls. ind: 150/4 (16.5 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score: hardik pandya departs
hasan mahmud picks his second wicket of the match, almost in a similar fashion as rohit sharma was dismissed. he bangs it short and pandya plays it straight towards yasir ali. he departs for 5.
dinesh karthik joins kohli in the middle as the latter continues his wrath on bangladesh bowlers. he smashes the bowler for a four and passes the strike back to dk.
there's a no-ball for height, and there's some discussion between kohli and shakib. but dk only manages a single off the free hit. ind: 140/4 (16 overs)

india vs bangladesh live score: kohli rocks mustafizur
mustafizur rahman starts off well but is taken apart by kohli in the final two balls. he is hit by kohli for consecutive boundaries as india move to 130/3 after 15 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score: shakib strikes, sky departs
shakib al hasan continues to make inroads as he cleans up suryakumar yadav for 30 off 16 balls.
hardik pandya is the new batter in as four runs come off the over. ind: 119/3 (14 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score: back to back boundaries
suryakumar yadav gets two lifeline and bangladesh pay the price in the very next over. the batter hits hasan mahmud for consecutive fours before passing the strike to kohli.
suryakumar then finishes the over with another boundary as india race to 115/3 after 13 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score: sky survives twice
shakib al hasan is frustrated as mustafizur rahman drops suryakumar yadav at short fine leg. the batter will sneak a double and pass the strike to kohli in the following ball.
the wicketkeeper misses now as shakib ends his over with nine runs. ind: 101-2 (12 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score: good over by mustafizur
mustafizur rahman comes into the attack, and he has does a decent job, conceding just six runs in the over. india reach 92/2 after 11 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score: 50 for kl rahul
kl rahul hits half-century off 31 balls but departs in the very next ball by shakib al hasan.
10 runs come off the over as suryakumar yadav joins virat kohli in the middle. ind: 86/2 (10 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score: kohli, kl rahul rock ban
shoriful islam is back into the attack. he bangs it slightly full length and kohli times it perfectly, with the ball rolling straight past the bowler for a boundary.
kl rahul joins the party, a length ball and rahul whacks it over the long-on fence. the umpire signals it as no, and the bowler is feeling the pressure. he bowls another extra and rahul connects the free hit, which was a wide yorker for a six over the third man fence. short boundaries are making things better for india.
he hits the bowler for another boundary and is now inching close towards his half-century.
he finishes the over with a single as 24 runs come off it. ind: 76/1 after 9 overs

india vs bangladesh live score: kl rahul hits a four
shakib introduces himself into the attack and he starts off with batters sneaking singles and doubles against him. however, he changes his length midway during the over and is whacked for a four by kl rahul towards the mid-wicket region as india edge past the 50-run mark.
ind: 52/1 (8 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score: taskin completes his quota
taskin ahmed is bowling his fourth over, which tells us that shakib is looking for wicket.
he gives three runs in the first three balls. the fourth ball is dropped at length and is struck well by kohli but an excellent fielding effort, ensures the batter doesn't get a run. he rotates the strike in the fifth ball.
five runs come off his over as ind reach 42/1 after 7 overs.

india vs bangladesh live score: end of powerplay
mustafizur rahman comes into the attack. he concedes seven runs in his over as india accumulate 37 runs in the powerplay overs for a loss of one wicket.
india vs bangladesh live score: back-to-back fours
taskin ahmed comes to bowl his third over and is welcomed by a cracking four by virat kohli. he gets a thick outside edge in the following ball, which flies over the slip fielder for a four.
taskin then bowls a brilliant delivery, beating kohli as the ball settles in the wicketkeeper's gloves.
he then goes on to finish the over with three more dots.ind: 30/1 (5 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score: kl rahul plays some big shots
kl rahul takes charge and smashes hasan mahmud for a boundary and a maximum. india reach 22/1 after 4 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score: bangladesh strike
bangladesh strike and it is hasan mahmud, who had dropped rohit sharma on 1, packs the indian captain. rohit plays it straight to yasir ali at point. he departs for 2(8).
good start by bangladesh as virat kohli walks in. ind: 11/1 (3.2 overs)
india vs bangladesh live score: rohit sharma dropped on 1
taskin ahmed continues the good work and starts his second over with two dots. same stuff, good pace and bounce. meanwhile, the third ball is hit towards gully by rohit and is stopped well by shanto, who is congratulated by the fielders.
next ball rohit plays it towards the fine leg and the fielder drops a dolly, the bowler is furious. this can cost the side. rohit sharma dropped on 1.
just one run off the over as ind reach 11/0 after 3 overs.
india vs bangladesh live score: kl rahul hits a six
shoriful islam will share the new ball with taskin. he starts with a dot, but over steps in the following delivery. however, kl rahul fails to do anything out of the free hit, as it thuds his pads.
he then rotates the strike in the third ball.
rohit too gets off the mark, pushes the ball towards the fine leg region and completes a single.
the next delivery is dropped at length and kl rahul smashes it over the square leg fielder for a maximum. the bowler finishes the over with a dot as ind reach 10/0 after 2 overs.

india vs bangladesh live score: ban start well
an excellent start by taskin ahmed, who is generating good pace and bounce, to keep kl rahul quiet. the first four balls are dot, before rahul plays the ball with soft hands and sneaks a single to get off the mark.
rohit too plays a dot in the final ball as bangladesh start well. ind: 1/0 (1 over)
india vs bangladesh live score: here we go!
rohit sharma and kl rahul arrive in the middle to start the action. taskin ahmed will lead the attack for bangladesh.
india vs bangladesh live score: pre-match rituals
the players of both the sides walk in the middle to start with the pre-match rituals. the action will start shortly.
india vs bangladesh live score: rohit doesn't mind losing the toss
“we would have batted first. runs on the board would matter.”
india vs bangladesh live score updates: shakib al hasan at toss
“we are well prepared today. boys are gelling well.”
india vs bangladesh live score updates: playing xis
india: kl rahul, rohit sharma(c), virat kohli, suryakumar yadav, hardik pandya, dinesh karthik(w), axar patel, ravichandran ashwin, bhuvneshwar kumar, mohammed shami, arshdeep singh
bangladesh: najmul hossain shanto, litton das, shakib al hasan(c), afif hossain, yasir ali, mosaddek hossain, shoriful islam, nurul hasan(w), mustafizur rahman, hasan mahmud, taskin ahmed
india vs bangladesh live score: bangladesh win toss
shakib al hasan wins toss, and opts to bowl
india vs bangladesh live score updates: weather update
the weather at the moment is bit cloudy, but it is not yet raining and lets hope it remains the same.
india vs bangladesh live score updates: india's x-factor
shane watson says the x-factors from the indian camp will be arshdeep singh and bhuvneshwar kumar. he justifies his selection by highlighting the overcast conditions, and the struggles of bangladesh top order.
india vs bangladesh live score updates: will kohli fire big
virat kohli has already scored two half-centuries in the tournament and will be aiming for a third at adelaide.
if we look at his stats, the talismanic india batter has so far accumulated 156 runs from three outings. he had scored an unbeaten 82 against pakistan in india's first match at the world cup.
india vs bangladesh live score updates: shakib's bizarre statement
shakib al hasan gave a very bizarre statement ahead of the clash as he mentioned that bangladesh are here not to win the world cup.
however, he added that india are here to win the world cup and they will aim to create an upset.
soon after the statement, shakib was brutally trolled by fans on social media.
india vs bangladesh live score updates: full squads
bangladesh: najmul hossain shanto, soumya sarkar, litton das, shakib al hasan(c), afif hossain, mosaddek hossain, nurul hasan(w), yasir ali, mustafizur rahman, hasan mahmud, taskin ahmed, mehidy hasan miraz, ebadot hossain, shoriful islam, nasum ahmed
india: kl rahul, rohit sharma(c), virat kohli, suryakumar yadav, hardik pandya, deepak hooda, dinesh karthik(w), ravichandran ashwin, bhuvneshwar kumar, mohammed shami, arshdeep singh, rishabh pant, axar patel, harshal patel, yuzvendra chahal
ind vs ban live score: great effort by india pace battery
one reason behind india's great campaign at the ongoing t20 world cup has been their pacers. the men in blue have maintained an economy rate of 4.61 so far, which is the best by any team at the super 12 stage.
ind vs ban live score: virat kohli loves the venue
virat kohli has surely enjoyed batting at this venue. kohli has so far scored five tons across formats at the adelaide oval, which is the most he's scored in a particular ground.
is there another 100 from kohli loading?
ind vs ban live score: bangladesh players to watch out for
the player to watch out from the opposition camp is their young pacer taskin ahmed. the bowler has so far been very impressive and has scalped 8 wickets from 3 matches.
musatfizur rahman is the second name, who indian batters should be cautious against. the bowler has hardly leaked runs, and has an economy of 5 runs per over in the three matches.
ind vs ban live score: head-to-head record
the two sides have met 11 times in the shorter format, with india emerging victorious on 10 occasions. bangladesh have won just one time.
in the t20 world cup, the team have played thrice and india have won all the three encounters.
ind vs ban live score: kl rahul receives words of assurance from coach
as kl rahul struggles to find the rhythm, rahul dravid has provided a word of assurance to the star opener.
"we have a lot of conversations with players, it is hard to reveal exact details. rest assured, both in words and in action, over the last year, he knows he has our support," said dravid at the press conference on tuesday.
ind vs ban live score: update on dinesh karthik's fitness
rishabh pant, who was not included in the playing xi for the match against south africa, had donned the gloves as dinesh karthik was forced to leave the field due to a spasm.
has karthik regained fitness?
well india head coach in the pre-match post conference on tuesday said karthik has shown good progress but a final call will be taken on the morning of the match day.
now it's interesting to see, who will india field today.
ind vs ban live score: r ashwin or chahal?
r ashwin in particular was very expensive in the previous encounter against south africa. he conceded 43 runs in his 10 overs, and the management can try yuzvendra chahal for this encounter.
since the dimensions are longer towards the straight boundaries, chahal can offer flight and try out his googlies, tempting the bangladesh batter to hit him straight, which could prove to be a wicket-taking opportunity for both, the spinner and india.
ind vs ban live score: what to expect
zimbabwe and netherlands are playing in adelaide at the moment and zimbabwe are currently struggling batting first, having lost 8 wickets with 101 on the board.
however, the average first innings total at the venue in the big bash league since the 2019-20 season is 164.
the teams batting first have won 16 times as compared to 9 wins, which came during run chases.
ind vs ban live score: adelaide dimension
the clash between india and bangladesh is the second match being played at the venue.
if we look at the field dimensions, the straight boundaries are longer as compared to others.
ind vs ban live updates: lets keep our fingers crossed
the weather might play a huge role in the clash. as per the forecast, rains are likely to hit 7 pm local time. the match starts at 06:30 pm local time. however, the good news is that the match won't get entirely washed out.
ind vs ban live updates: what does a win mean for india
a win will take india back to top of the group 2 table, which is currently occupied by south africa. the valuable two points will also take india close to a final four spot.
ind vs ban live updates: hello and welcome!
hello and welcome to the live coverage of the super 12 encounter between india and bangladesh in adelaide.
the match is scheduled to start at 1:30 pm ist and the toss for the same will take place half an hour before. stay tuned for all the updates related to the match!
