india-vs-bangladesh-adelaide-weather-report-ind-vs-ban-t20-world-cup-rain-prediction-101667308684352.
after starting their t20 world cup campaign on a stellar note by defeating arch rivals pakistan by four wickets, team india endured their first hiccup at the tournament in australia. playing their third super 12 encounter india were handed a reality check by temba bavuma's south africa, as clinical performances by lungi ngidi, david miller and aiden markram helped the proteas win the contest by five wickets in perth on sunday.
three days later india have a golden chance to book the semifinal ticket as they lock horns with shakib al hasan's bangladesh in adelaide on wednesday. a win will ensure india one of the final four berth, and india will be vying for exactly the same. it will be another test for the indian batters, who were restricted for a paltry 133/9 in 20 overs in the previous contest. bangladesh pacer taskin ahmed is in red-hot form and has found great support from senior pro mustafizur rahman. but apart from the duo, there aren't any real threats unless someone has an exceptional outing on the given day.
also read: shakib al hasan brutally trolled for bizarre 'we aren't here to win t20 world cup' statement ahead of ind vs ban
however, apart from the duo, another factor that will be a huge concern for india is the fickle weather of australia. rain has played a key role in the tournament and it's been predicted that the same could likely happen in the clash on wednesday. as per the weather forecast by the australian meteorological department there are chances of 60 percent downpour in adelaide on wednesday evening. the clash gets underway at 06:30 pm local time, which is a point of concern for the men in blue.
as per the data available on accuweather, the temperature too is likely to remain low, with the mercury hovering close to 12 degree celsius with overcast conditions almost throughout the match. on tuesday, adelaide witnessed a decent amount of rain which forced the indian team to practice indoors, while bangladesh opted not to practice at all. as on wednesday morning, the day of the match, adelaide witnessed slight drizzle but thankfully for cricket fanatics, the sun is peaking through the skies making the city brighter.
there are still a few hours left for the match to get underway but chances of the match taking place as of now appear bright. that said, one cannot rule out the possibility of the forecast changing because this time of the year, the australian weather is anyone's guess. one moment it's sunny, the other moment it's raining cats and dogs. several journalists left their hotel rooms to cover the two teams' practice and press conference believing no rain forecast, but were in for a surprise when opposite happened.
south africa currently lead the group 2 table, with five points from three matches. india are placed second, with four points, the same as bangladesh, who are placed third. if at the india vs bangladesh game is washed out and fails to deliver a result, pakistan will still have life left, while rohit sharma's team will need to win the zimbabwe tie on sunday to ensure a spot in the final four spot.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
