afghanistan-vs-sri-lanka-live-cricket-score-t20-world-cup-2022-today-match-afg-vs-sl-latest-scorecard-at-the-gabba-brisbane-101667269704571.

afghanistan vs sri lanka, t20 world cup 2022 highlights: sri lanka defeated afghanistan by six wickets in their t20 world cup 2022 super 12 stage fixture, at the gabba in brisbane on tuesday. the defeat also saw afghanistan get knocked out of the tournament. chasing a target of 145 runs, sri lanka reached 148 for four in 18.3 overs, with dhananjaya de silva smacking an unbeaten knock of 66 runs off 42 balls. meanwhile, mujeeb ur rahman and rashid khan took two wickets each for afghanistan. initially, the afghans posted 144/8 in 20 overs, with rahmanullah gurbaz registered 28 runs off 24 balls, including two fours and two sixes. meanwhile, wanindu hasaranga took three wickets for sri lanka and lahiru kumara bagged two.

follow all the updates here:
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: four! sl win by 6 wickets!
an overpitched delivery by farooqi and dhananjaya slams it over extra cover for a four! sri lanka win and afghanistan are knocked out!
sri lanka by 6 wickets!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: out! sl need 3 from 12 balls!
a good delivery by mujeeb and rajapaksa edges off the middle of the bat, to the wicketkeeper for a catch!
rajapaksa c rahmanullah b mujeeb 18(14)
sri lanka need 3 from 12 balls!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: back-to-back fours!
a half-tracker by mujeeb around middle and leg. dhananjaya pulls it through square leg for a four.
in the previous delivery, he reverse scooped it over the wicketkeeper for a four!
sri lanka need four runs off 14 balls!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: four!
a full delivery by farooqi, outside off. dhananjaya launches it over cover for a four!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: one run, sl 121/3 (16), target 145
a full delivery by rashid, outside off. rajapaksa glances it through cover point for a single.
sl: 121/3 (16), target: 145
sri lanka need 24 from 24 balls!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: back-to-back fours!
a full delivery by gulbadin, around off. rajapaksa slaps it over mid-off for a four!
in the previous delivery, he clattered it fine down leg for a four!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: four!
a poor delivery by rashid and rajapaksa powers it fine, past short fine leg for a four!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: out! rashid khan strikes!
a tossed up full delivery by rashid, outside off. asalanka holes it to omarzai at long-on for a catch!
asalanka c azmatullah b rashid 19 (18)
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: one run, sl get past 100!
a full delivery by rashid, outside off. dhananjaya slices it through backward point for a single.
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: four!
a short delivery by azmatullah, outside off. asalanka gets an outside edge to deep third for a four!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: two runs
a length delivery by nabi and outside off. dhananjaya slams it over midwicket for a double.
sl: 89/2 (12), target: 145
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: six!
a length delivery by nabi, outside off. dhananjaya hammers it over the sightscreen for a six!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: six!
a short delivery by rashid and dhananjaya launches it over deep midwicket for a six!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: four!
a tossed up googly by rashid, outside off. dhananjaya gets a thick inside edge and goes past short fine for a four!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: one run, sl 63/2 (10), target 145
a good length delivery by nabi and asalanka slaps it straight over the bowler for a single.
sl: 63/2 (10), target 145
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: one run, sl 52/2 (8), target 145
a length delivery by rashid and asalanka guides it to mid-off off the back foot for a single.
sl: 52/2 (8), target: 145
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: rashid khan removes kusal mendis!
excellent delivery by rashid and kusal goes for the sweep but top edges it to gurbaz for a catch!
kusal c gurbaz b rashid 25 (27)
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: one run
a short of a length delivery by mujeeb, mendis sweeps it to deep backward square leg for a single.
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: back-to-back fours!
a short delivery by fareed, and mendis pulls it for a four!
in the previous delivery, he received a short one and pulled it over midwicket for a four!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: no run, maiden over for faizalhaq farooqi!
a good length delivery by farooqi, on the stumps. mendis defends it. no run. a maiden over for farooqi.
sl: 12/1 (3), target: 145
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: out! pathum nissanka departs!
excellent delivery by mujeeb and nissanka gets an outside edge into the top of off stump!
nissanka b mujeeb 10 (10)
sl: 12/1, target: 145
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: four!
an overpitched delivery by farooqi and nissanka creams a square drive for a four!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: the action resumes!
nissanka and mendis to begin the chase for sri lanka. farooqi to bowl for afghanistan.
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: two wickets in the 20th over! afg 144/8 (20)
in the final delivery of the over, hasaranga sends it short and mujeeb misses it totally. mendis takes the bails off!
mujeeb st mendis b hasaranga 1 (2)
in the third delivery hasaranga sent a short delivery to rashid, who missed his slog completely and the ball hit his stumps!
rashid b hasaranga 9 (8)
afghanistan: 144/8 (20)
target for sri lanka: 145
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: out!
a full delivery by rajitha, outside off. nabi lofts it to shanaka for a catch at extra cover.
nabi c shanaka b rajitha 13 (8)
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: four! afg 136/5 (18.1)
a full delivery by rajitha, outside off. rashid hammers it past the sweeper at cover boundary for a strong four!
afg: 136/5 (18.1)
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: out! gulbadin naib slips!
a length delivery by theekshana, on the pads. naib guides it through midwicket and then calls for a second but gets sent back. he slips, loses his bat, and then tries to roll into his crease but falls short! the throw was accurate enough!
gulbadin run out nissanka/mendis 12 (14)
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: four!
a full delivery by rajitha, outside off. nabi slams it to the right of of extra cover for a four!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: out! afg 113/4 (16)
dhananjaya tosses it full, with extra flight and around off. najibullah ends up slicing it and hasaranga takes the catch in the deep!
najibullah c hasaranga b de silva 18 (16)
afg: 113/4 (16)
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: one run, afg get past 100!
a length delivery by pramod, on off. gulbadin taps it past the non-striker to long-on for a single and afghanistan get past 100!
afg: 100/3 (14.1)
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: out! another important wicket!
back of a length delivery by kumara and ibrahim his it through the bottom-end of his bat. it goes straight to the fielder at mid-off for a catch!
ibrahim c rajapaksa b kumara 22 (18)
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: six! perfect!
theekshana tosses it up, in te slot and full. ibrahim gets down on his knee and slams it over the bowler for a six! perfect shot!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: four! drives it through covers!
theekshana tosses it up, full and on off. zadran drives it through the covers for a four!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: out! usman ghani departs!
a googly by hasaranga and ghani fails to control his pull. the extra bounce does the trick and it goes for a catch to shanaka.
ghani c shanaka b hasaranga 27 (27)
afghanistan vs sri lanka live score: two runs, afg 68/1 (10)
a length delivery by theekshana and zadran gets an outside edge, which goes past short third man. bhanuka runs to get it and stops a boundary. two runs.
afg 68/1 (10)
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: one run
a full delivery by theekshana, outside off. zadran lofts it high into the covers for a single.
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: six!
a full delivery by kumara, on off. ghani clobbers it over extra cover for a six!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: one run, 50-up for afg
a full delivery by hasaranga, on the stumps. zadran drives it down to long-on for a single.
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: no run, afg 47/1 (7)
short of a length delivery by kumara, outside off. ghani glances it straight at point. no run.
afg: 47/1 (7)
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: out! it's the early breakthrough for sl!
a full delivery by kumara, decks in. gurgaz wanted to go for a boundary. but he fails to connect well and it goes between bat and pad, to hit the stumps!
gurbaz b kumara 28 (24)
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: six! afg 36/0 (4.3)
a length delivery by pramod and gurbaz shuffles across to slam it over deep midwicket for a six!
afg: 36/0 (4.3)
afghanistan vs sri lanka, live score: four! through the gap!
a full delivery by kumara and ghani guides it through the gap in extra cover for a four!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, t20 world cup 2022, live: six!
a poor delivery by rajitha and gurbaz straight drives it down the ground for a six!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, t20 world cup 2022, live: four!
a short delivery by pramod, wide. gurbaz smacks it in front of point for a four!
afghanistan vs sri lanka, t20 world cup 2022, live: one run
back of a length delivery by rajitha and outside off. gurbaz directs it past point for a single.
afghanistan vs sri lanka, t20 world cup 2022, live: no run
a good delivery by rajitha, curls away outside off. gurbaz fails to connect and it goes to the wicketkeeper. no run.
afghanistan vs sri lanka, t20 world cup 2022, live: the action begins!
gurbaz and ghani to open for afghanistan. rajitha to bowl for sri lanka.
afghanistan vs sri lanka, t20 world cup 2022, live: playing xis
afghanistan: rahmanullah gurbaz(w), ibrahim zadran, usman ghani, najibullah zadran, mohammad nabi(c), gulbadin naib, azmatullah omarzai, rashid khan, mujeeb ur rahman, fareed ahmad malik, fazalhaq farooqi
sri lanka: pathum nissanka, kusal mendis(w), dhananjaya de silva, charith asalanka, bhanuka rajapaksa, dasun shanaka(c), wanindu hasaranga, maheesh theekshana, pramod madushan, lahiru kumara, kasun rajitha
afghanistan vs sri lanka, t20 world cup 2022, live: 'important to bounce back', says dasun shanaka
after toss, sl captain shanaka said, "we would have batted as well. we have one change. it is important to bounce back. we are a good fielding side. we need to lift our confidence on the field. we are still in the competition and we need to win."
afghanistan vs sri lanka, t20 world cup 2022, live: 'it is a used pitch', says the afg captain
after the toss, nabi said, "it is a used pitch. best to put runs on the board. everyone is fine. only zazai is missing. naib is in. the last two games were wash out. the weather should be good in the afternoon. mujeeb gets us early wickets."
afghanistan vs sri lanka, t20 world cup 2022, live: afghanistan win toss, opt to bat
afghanistan captain nabi has won the toss and opted to bat vs sri lanka.
afghanistan vs sri lanka, t20 world cup 2022, live: weather report
according to weather reports, the temperature in brisbane will be around 23 degrees celsius during the day and fall to 14 degrees at night. also, there is a high chance of rain.
afghanistan vs sri lanka, t20 world cup 2022, live: head-to-head
sri lanka lead 2-1 vs afghanistan in head-to-head. in t20 world cup, they have faced each other only once with sri lanka coming out on top.
afghanistan vs sri lanka, t20 world cup 2022, live: 'our mentality is very good', said sl's kasun rajitha
ahead of the match, rajitha said, "we know we're the asian champions. we are using that for confidence. our mentality is very good. we are trying to bounce back from the match against new zealand".
afghanistan vs sri lanka, t20 world cup 2022, live: 'we'll be fresh', said afghanistan head coach jonathan trott
"i think we'll be fresh. we will have a lot of energy going into the game, so it's exciting times. we've played here in a pre-tournament game, and had that experience. and we had over two weeks preparing here in brisbane. it's a little bit warmer now than it was when we were here preparing for the tournament", said trott, ahead of the game.
afghanistan vs sri lanka, t20 world cup 2022, live: squads
afghanistan: rahmanullah gurbaz(w), ibrahim zadran, usman ghani, najibullah zadran, gulbadin naib, mohammad nabi(c), azmatullah omarzai, rashid khan, mujeeb ur rahman, fareed ahmad malik, fazalhaq farooqi, qais ahmad, naveen-ul-haq, darwish rasooli, mohammad saleem safi
sri lanka: pathum nissanka, kusal mendis(w), dhananjaya de silva, charith asalanka, bhanuka rajapaksa, dasun shanaka(c), wanindu hasaranga, chamika karunaratne, maheesh theekshana, lahiru kumara, kasun rajitha, pramod madushan, jeffrey vandersay, ashen bandara, asitha fernando
afghanistan vs sri lanka, t20 world cup 2022, live: hello and good morning everyone!
hello and good morning everyone! welcome to our live coverage of today's afghanistan vs sri lanka t20 world cup 2022 super 12 stage fixture, straight from the gabba in brisbane. stay tuned folks, for an exciting cricket match!
