ravindra-jadeja-returns-as-india-announce-squad-for-bangladesh-tour-101667222288606.
all-rounder ravindra jadeja has been included in india's squads for their upcoming tour of bangladesh. jadeja had missed out on the ongoing t20 world cup with a knee injury that required surgery. he has now been included in both the test and odi squads for the tour which will will start with the odi series on december 4 and is scheduled to end with the second test on december 26.
jadeja has been recuperating at the national cricket academy since the surgery that took place during the 2022 asia cup, in which he turned up for india only in their first two matches against pakistan and hong kong. over the last couple of weeks, jadeja has shared videos of his recovery, giving the idea that the all-rounder is making steady progress and is on the road to recovery.
meanwhile, hardik pandya has been rested from the odi squad. pandya is set to lead india in their away t20i series against new zealand that will take place shortly after the ongoing t20 world cup. virat kohli, kl rahul and captain rohit sharma have been rested for the new zealand tour but all three will return for the entirety of the bangladesh tour. the tour will also see deepak chahar in action as the pacer was included in the odi squad of both the new zealand and bangladesh series.
also read | umran malik returns as hardik pandya named india captain for new zealand t20is, shikhar dhawan to lead in odis
rajat patidar, who had received his maiden international call-up for the series against south africa earlier this month, has also been included in the odi set-up. patidar was not able to make his debut during the home series against south africa, but is likely to get his shot against bangladesh.
meanwhile, ace fast bowler jasprit bumrah continues to remain out of contention after missing out on the t20 world cup with a back injury in what was seen as a major blow for india. bcci chief selector chetan sharma has admitted that bumrah had been hurried back into action before the tournament and the management is willing to take time with him now.
"he will be back soon. hoping we will play for india again soon. we hurried jasprit bumrah before the t20 world cup and you saw what happened. so we want to be patient now. nca team is looking after him well. right now, we are a little cautious about including bumrah. when we rest a player, there is a reason behind it," he said.
this will be the first time since 2015 that india will tour bangladesh. it is also the first time they are playing a test series consisting of more than one match in the country since january 2010. bangladesh are yet to beat india in the longest format of the game since playing their maiden test all the way back in the year 2000.
the tour starts with the odi rubber in mirpur that will be played from december 4 to 10. this will be followed by two test matches, the first of which will be played in chattogram from december 14. the tour returns to mirpur for the second test scheduled to be played from december 22 to 26.
squad for bangladesh tests: rohit sharma (captain), kl rahul (vice-captain), shubman gill, cheteshwar pujara, virat kohli, shreyas iyer, rishabh pant (wicketkeeper), ks bharat (wicketkeeper), ravichandran ashwin, ravindra jadeja, axar patel, kuldeep yadav, shardul thakur, mohammed shami, mohammed siraj, umesh yadav.
squad for bangladesh odis: rohit sharma (captain), kl rahul (vice-captain), shikhar dhawan, virat kohli, rajat patidar, shreyas iyer, rahul tripathi, rishabh pant (wicketkeeper), ishan kishan (wicketkeeper), ravindra jadeja, axar patel, washington sundar, shardul thakur, mohammed shami, mohammed siraj, deepak chahar, yash dayal.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
