thank-you-for-not-getting-out-on-0-furious-twitter-wants-kl-rahul-to-be-dropped-after-india-batter-fails-again-in-ind-vs-sa-match-101667129233318.
team india batter kl rahul's disappointing form at the t20 world cup continued in the game against south africa on sunday, as he was dismissed on a lowly 9 off 14 deliveries. rahul has been going through a rough patch of late, and has failed to reach double figures in any of india's three matches in the tournament. in the first match against pakistan, rahul scored 4 before being dismissed by naseem shah in the second over of the match; against netherlands, rahul only scored 9.
the indian batter has been facing criticism for his low scores from the cricket fraternity, and against south africa in perth, rahul failed to find feet at any stage of the innings. the batter did hit a six in the third over, but failed to middle the delivery more often than not before handing a simple catch at first slip off lungi ngidi.
also read: rohit sharma surpasses sri lanka legend for incredible world record at t20 world cup during india vs south africa match
rahul didn't score a single run off the first over against wayne parnell, and scored his first runs through a six on his eighth ball of the innings. during the fourth over, ngidi dismissed both, rohit sharma and rahul to put india under pressure straightaway.
as rahul failed to deliver again, here's how twitter reacted:

after eating 1 over!.. indian people to kl rahul #indvssa pic.twitter.com/3ma3turvia
a scared batsman is the worst entity to have in a t20 game. and kl rahul is a scared batsman right now. the shoulders are dropping, nervousness on his face, tentative poking outside off stump. for his own sake, he needs to be put out of this misery and be replaced next game.
still a better opener than kl rahul and rohit sharma pic.twitter.com/dbl6j5xrqo
sanju samson fans watching kl rahul and hooda playing rubbish for india! #indvssa pic.twitter.com/8asiqrpnxj
kl rahul after getting off the mark. pic.twitter.com/cidwp1h41d
thank you kl rahul for for proving us wrong and not getting out on zero🙏
too close to the body for rahul to try and glide that ball to the third man. disappointing dismissal.
drop rahul, get in pant to open. will solve more problems than you think exist 😭😭😭they effectively went in with an extra batter who got out for 0 so he could bowl a couple of overs.
earlier, india had won the toss and opted to bat in perth, but rohit and rahul's early wickets put the side in trouble. moreover, virat kohli, who had scored unbeaten half-centuries in the first two matches, was also dismissed on 12.
deepak hooda, who had replaced axar patel for this game, conceded a soft dismissal without troubling the scorers, while all-rounder hardik pandya was dismsised courtesy of a brilliant catch by kagiso rabada at the fine leg boundary.
india are currently at the top of the group 2 in the super 12 stage of the t20 world cup, but a loss to south africa would bring them down to the second spot. earlier today in group 2 action, pakistan had registered their first win of the edition against netherlands, while bangladesh also secured a dramatic three-run victory over zimbabwe.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
