india-vs-south-africa-live-cricket-score-t20-world-cup-2022-today-match-ind-vs-sa-latest-scorecard-at-perth-stadium-101667118901730.

india vs south africa highlights, t20 world cup 2022: david miller finished unbeaten on 59 off 46 as he saw south africa over the line in their chase of a target of 134. lungi ngidi's searing four-wicket haul and the efforts of the rest of the south african pacers meant that india were off to a disastrous start batting first. however, suryakumar yadav's 68 off 40 balls almost single-handedly got india to 133/9. india then came out swinging with arshdeep singh, bhuvneshwar kumar and mohammed shami keeping south africa pinned. however, aiden markram and miller stemmed the flow of wickets after the powerplay. the pair shifted gears after the first 10 overs and markram eventually fell for 52 off 41. miller finally saw south africa over the line with two balls to spare.

follow all the updates here:
t20 world cup live score: repercussions of this result
well there are endless permutations one can take from here but what seems to be sure is that india have to beat bangladesh by a fairly big margin in their last match so as to keep their net run rate above the rest of the chasing pack. that match is going to be played on wednesday. we will see you then, good night!
india vs south africa live score: temba bavuma speaks
"[on the discussion at the ten-over mark] it was try and up the intent. when you do that, opportunities come your way. fortunately we got the momentum we needed. our batting line-up is in good form, barring myself. it is a unit that has been together for sometime. [on their bowling] we were watching the games that were played here. obviously it was risky but the variable bounce assisted us. we kept mid-off and mid-on up, which made us predictable but we backed ourselves. we came into the tournament as non-favourites and we will keep flying under the radar. we will keep improving and that's what we are doing."
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: here is rohit sharma
"we expected the pitch to have something in it, with the weather around. we knew there will be help for the seamers. which is why you saw that 130 was not an easy chase. i thought we fought well till the end but south africa played well in the end. the pitch is such that the wicket can come any time for the seamers. it was a match-winning partnership from miller and markram. but we were not good enough on the field. we have played in such conditions so conditions are not an excuse. we want to be consistent in that department. we could not hold on to our chances, we misses a few run-outs including myself. [on that ashwin over] i have seen what happened at the last with the spinners. so i wanted to finish with ashwin before the last over. i wanted to see that the seamers bowl the right overs. given the new batter came in, it was the perfect time for ashwin to bowl."
t20 world cup live score: lungi ngidi wins player of the match
he dismantled the indian batting lineup and that is really the main reason why south africa won this game. "it was very nerve-wracking. when games get so close, you cannot do much as a bowler but just sit. it is one of my biggest wins - to win an award at the world cup. it comes down to watching a lot of games being played here. we have also played here earlier. we saw pakistan bowl and it helped. just after the ten-over break, markram moved the game forward and miller followed him."
india vs south africa live score: south africa beat india by five wickets
miller smashes it over cover, the ball goes to the boundary that seals the win for south africa. he finishes unbeaten on 59 off 46 and south africa go top of the group 1 table. india will now be exposed to the utter chaos below the top two in the race to qualify for the semi-finals.
t20 world cup live score: four! scores level!
short from bhuvi, it takes miller's glove as he tries to pull, goes over the wicketkeeper and to the fence. one run away now.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: one off the first two!
the first one goes for a dot and parnell runs a single off the rest, south africa need 5 off 4!
t20 world cup live score: south africa need 6 to win off the last over!
bhuvneshwar kumar has come in to bowl the last over. he has not had a great time in this period of matches in the recent past and now, he needs to ensure that parnell and miller don't take six runs in six balls. uphill struggle to say the least, you can cut the tension with a knife here. what a match this has turned out to be in chilly perth.
india vs south africa live score: four! 50 for miller!
he cuts shami hard and to the boundaries. gets to the half century in 40 balls. what an innings this has been. south africa need 8 to win off 11 balls.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: out! another twist in the tale!
big appeal from the indians and the umpire raises the finger. stubbs reviews straightaway, no spike on the ultra edge and ball tracking holds up the umpire's call! we might have another thriller in our hands, folks!
stubbs lbw b ashwin 6 (6), south africa 122/5 in 17.4 overs, need 12 to win off 14 balls
t20 world cup live score: back to back sixes! miller on fire!
full again from ashwin, some width offered this time and miller goes over long off. south africa now need just 12 from 16.
india vs south africa live score: six! miller starts the 18th in style
ashwin is bowling the 18th, which is probably a gamble from rohit. he sends the first ball in full and miller smashes it over the bowler's head for six.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: four! stubbs is away
rahul runs hard and puts in a dive running to his right from long-on but can't quite stop that. short from arshdeep, stubbs pulls it through deep midwicket.
t20 world cup live score: out! pandya gets markram!
and finally, markram holes out. short again from pandya, markram miscues the pull and suryakumar catches it at deep midwicket.
markram c suryakumar b pandya 52 (41), south africa 100/4 in 15.4 overs
india vs south africa live score: problem for karthik!
oh he is clutching the area around his tailbone and limping away. physio is there and it seems he is going off. rishabh pant has come out as reserve wicketkeeper, wearing the same gear that dk was.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: 50 for markram!
he may have thought that he has messed it up after he connected this pull shot. “oh no!” he says as the ball goes high up in the air but it lands between two fielders in the deep. markram takes two runs to get to his half century in 38 balls. next ball is a dot, sa are 95/3 in 15 overs, sa need 39 off 30 balls.
t20 world cup live score: four! markram closing in on 50
smashed over covers, markram has got to 48 off 37. what a dramatic gear change this has been from him and he has got south africa coasting in this chase now.
india vs south africa live score: six! south africa 85/3 in 14 overs
this time it is markram. hit to the same area, not as big as miller's but it clears the fielder. 17 runs have come off this over.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: six! gigantic from miller!
miller clears front leg and sends ashwin back over his head for a truely humongous six. that went back 106m.
t20 world cup live score: suicidal single, india can't run them out!
it is captain rohit sharma who has to be blamed now. safe to say that there has been some utterly horrendous fielding from india today. shami to miller, fifth ball of a brilliantly bowled 13th over, the batter just about fends off the short of a length ball but continues running when he sees markram hurtling towards him. he was totally out of the frame when rohit picks up the ball, throws underhand on the non-striker's end and misses the stumps. this was a great over from shami but india may have lost the match with that drop and this missed runout and their two seniormost players are responsible for them.
india vs south africa live score: kohli of all people drops markram!
indian jaws are littered on the floor. ashwin just flabbergasted. virat kohli, one of the best fielders in the world, cannot hold one that he would catch with his eyes closed on any other day. short and slow from ashwin, markram in a tangle and he smacks it straight to deep midwicket. kohli, who had taken a sensational one-handed catch during india's practice match against australia before this tournament, kohli backtracks but the ball bursts out of his hands. a bit of a juggle before gravity wins the joust and kohli can't believe it. ashwin seems to be asking how that happened for a second before walking back. replays showed that rohit sharma was confounded. what a moment that is! south africa 65/3 in 12 overs.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: four! sa getting a move on
markram smashes it over ashwin's head and south africa are spiking that run rate of theirs now.
t20 world cup live score: four byes! south africa 56/3 in 11 overs
bouncer from pandya, miller misses it but then it keeps rising and karthik can't get to it. that's 16 runs from that over.
india vs south africa live score: four! sa targeting pandya!
markram and miller have decided to go hard at pandya's short balls. first markram gets a thick edge off the first ball of the 11th that flies over slip. then miller pulls hard at another short one from pandya off the third ball of that over and that goes for a boundary as well.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: south africa 40/3 in 10 overs
drinks break. south africa need 94 to win off the last 10 overs, required rate of 9.40. but they won't be too worried as long as they have markram and miller in the middle. india know they need to end this partnership as quickly as possible, it is on 16 off 26. this match, is all about the bowlers.
t20 world cup live score: pandya bouncing 'em!
pandya comes steaming in to bowl the ninth. he first of all gets the ball to jump off a length, markram had come forward and it burst into his face. then he almost raps his ipl teammate miller on the face with some surprise bounce. gives him a state before making his way back.
india vs south africa live score: south africa 32/3 in 7 overs
fantastic shot from markram off the fifth ball of that over for four. he is  on 19 off 17 and he has david miller at the other end. two extremely dangerous batters india know they have their jobs cut out here. markram could be the real dangerman, this is exactly the kind of target that he can plan and construct an innings for.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: out! that's it for bavuma
that's the end of bavuma's struggle. length ball outside off and bavuma moves all the way accross trying to lap it over the wicketkeeper. gets a nick on it and karthik dives forward to take a wonderful catch.
bavuma c karthik b mohammed shami 10 (15), south africa 24/3 in 5.4 overs
t20 world cup live score: six! bavuma swings hard!
short and wide from arshdeep, bavuma goes for an almighty pull. top edges that shot but it still flies all the way to the stands behind slips. south africa 21/2 in 5 overs
india vs south africa live score: four! fine shot from markram
arshdeep pulls his length back, little bit of width for markram and he jumps a bit as he punches it through point.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: sa 9/2 in 3 overs
bhuvi and arshdeep and swinging this ball around corners and the south africans simply unable to pick them. it is markram and bavuma in the middle and this really is the perfect chance for the latter to get some confidence in.
t20 world cup live score: out! arshdeep gets another!
well, well, well, arshdeep singh tells rohit to not take the review after a big shout for lbw, karthik tells his captain to go for it and rohit obliges. three reds it is and arshdeep has another thanks to rohit and dk. full around off, rossouw misses the slog and the ball hits him on the back thigh. arshdeep was saying that it may have been going down the leg side but that is not what the ball tracker shows. wild celebrations from india, rossouw, who had scored a century in his last match, has gone for a two-ball duck.
rossouw lbw b arshdeep singh 0 (2), south africa 3/2 in 1.3 overs
india vs south africa live score: gone! arshdeep strikes!
arshdeep strikes first ball! full, swinging away, outside edge from de kock and it flies to rahul at second slip. he reacts quickly to take the catch to his left, sharp work from him and this is a big, big wicket.
de kock c rahul b arshdeep singh 1 (3), sa 3/1 in 1.1 overs
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: south africa 3/0 in 1 over
bavuma unable to get out of jail in that over, good start from bhuvneshwar. arshdeep singh comes in from the other end.
t20 world cup live score: the players return!
right here are quinton de kock and temba bavuma opening the innings for south africa. de kock is facing up, bhuvneshwar kumar has the ball in his hands.
india vs south africa live score: two works of art
what an eventful innings that was. you saw the best of fast bowling. lungi ngidi, wayne parnell, anrich nortje and kagiso rabada were absolutely on the money and had india limping and stumbling in the powerplay and the first 10 overs. then, there was the exhibition put up by suryakumar yadav. arguably his best innings, even though he has scored a century before this.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: india 133/9 in 20 overs
arshdeep and bhuvi sneak a bye off the second last ball and two off the last. arshdeep was even looking to run a third with the ball literally being in the fielder's hands and then decides against it.
india vs south africa live score: out! that's it for sky!
an innings for the ages from sky. miscues the pull and he is caught at mid-off. he has scored 68 runs at a strike rate of 170 where other batters struggled to get to double digits.
suryakumar c maharaj b parnell 68 (40), india 127/8 in 18.5 overs
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: out! ashwin goes
wicket off the first ball again for parnell and a good catch again from rabada. no control on the pull for ashwin and he is caught at mid-on.
ashwin c rabada b parnell 7 (11), india 124/7 in 18.1 overs
t20 world cup live score: four! what a shot from sky!
short from rabada, sky sits dip in the crease and then smashes it from shoulder high straight over rabada for a boundary. both his feet were off the ground when he connected. sensational stuff from the india no.4.
india vs south africa live score: four again! india 115/6 in 17 overs
so boundaries off the last two balls of the 17th. surya whips out the pull shot and it looked like it had gone all the way. replays showed that the ball had taken a bounce just inside the ropes.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: four! sky gets something out of the over
well that is quite lucky for surya. he looks to cut but maharaj cramps him for room, the top edge goes behind the keeper for a four.
t20 world cup live score: india 105/6 in 16 overs
maharaj comes in to bowl his third. this is the over for india, they would want to make as many as possible here.
india vs south africa live score: out! karthik falls
well he did hold up one end for sky but now, this might go down as a poor innings. first ball of the 16th bowled by parnell, dk miscues the pull and is caught at backward point.
karthik c rossouw b parnell 6 (15), india 101/5 in 15.1 overs
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: four! 50 for sky!
a lovely straight drive going right past the umpire for a boundary. suryakumar has got to 51 in 30 balls on a pitch and against an attack that made the other batters struggle to get into double digits. he has scored some sensational half centuries this year but this one might just be the most valuable one.
t20 world cup live score: six! nicely done by sky!
he gets inside the line early and uses ngidi's pace to deposit the first ball of the 15th over the deep fine leg fielder. he moves to 46 off 26 with that shot.
india vs south africa live score: india 84/5 in 13 overs
aiden markram comes in to bowl the 14th so it looks like maharaj may not bowl his full quota. india can look to capitalise in this over, the last one had gone for 11 runs.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: six! up and over from sky
maharaj gives the ball some air, surya picks it up and deposits it right behind the bowler. he moves to 34 off 21. a semblance of stability for india here.
t20 world cup live score: india 67/5 in 11 overs
loose delivery from maharaj first up that is cut away between backward point and short third for a boundary. just three runs come off the rest of the over.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: 10 overs gone, india 60/5
time for drinks and some fresh air for the indians who have been choking in the smoke from the protea pace fire.  sky and dk can breath a little easy, south africa are bringing in maharaj. he is a very dangerous spinner but at the moment, anything other than pace would be welcome for india.
t20 world cup live score: six! it is maximum or nothing at the moment
he flicks nortje off the pads and sends it flying over the ropes. this is the partnership, if this goes, india might struggle to get to 100.
india vs south africa live score: india crawl past 50
suryakumar yadav and dinesh karthik, who are supposed to be india's finishers, are out there to try and finish the first 10 overs! india have been dismantled here, not a good sign at all.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: gone! ngidi takes four!
look away india (and pakistan) fans. they are a-collapsing! lungi ngidi has taken four wickets and he still has nine balls left to bowl in this spell! a sensational catch from rabada at deep fine leg. pandya goes for a pull shot, doesn't quite keep it down, rabada comes running in, it was flat and quick but he anticipated it well. puts in the dive and completes the catch, does the big fast bowler. india have been cornered.
pandya c rabada b ngidi 2 (3), india 49/5 in 8.3 overs
t20 world cup live score: four! luck for sky!
oh, nortje was centimetres away from getting another! suryakumar flashes at one and it flies over makram, just about over his outstretched hands and it goes to the boundaries. pace like fire!
india vs south africa live score: gone! and another!
india are falling like a pack of cards here. this time it is the express pace of nortje that gets the proteas the wicket.
hooda c de kock b nortje 0 (3), india 42/4 in 7.3 overs
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: out! it's kohli!
and it's ngidi again! fantastic catch by rabada at fine leg.
kohli c rabada b ngidi 12 (11), india 41/ 3 in 6.5 overs
t20 world cup live score: back to back fours from kohli!
fullish from ngidi first up, kohli whips out the extra cover drive. then ngidi changes his line and kohli clips it away for another four.
india vs south africa live score: end of powerplay, india 33/2
well, india have their best partnership in recent games out in the middle and they will need these two to stay in the middle for a long, long time. ngidi comes back to bowl the seventh.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: gone! rahul falls in the powerplay again!
third consecutive single-digit score for rahul, what an over this is from lungi ngidi. has dismissed both of india's openers in his first over itself. extra bounce, rahul pokes at it and edges it right into the hands of the man standing at slip.
rahul c markram b ngidi 9 (14), india 26/2 in 5 overs
t20 world cup live score: gone! rohit falls!
ngidi cramps rohit on the pull, the ball goes up in the air and the bowler claims it. ngidi strikes with his second ball of the match.
rohit c & b ngidi 15 (14), india 23/1 in 4.2 overs
india vs south africa live score: four!
the fourth ball of the fourth over by rabada is a full toss, angling into rohit's pads, the indian captain tucks it away behind square for a boundary. india are getting some momentum going now.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: rahul down
oh, spare a thought for him please, he has been hit in the unmentionables by the fifth ball of the third over. he takes some time to get his breath back, takes his guard again and continues.
t20 world cup live score: six! rahul off the mark as well
oh parnell sends it right into rahul's arc. overpitched, and rahul drags it over deep midwicket for the maximum. he is off the mark with a six just like rohit.
india vs south africa live score: dropped! rohit gets a lifeline
rohit tries to hit the last ball of the over straight down the ground. can't quite keep it down though and rabada stretches out his right arm in his follow through, the ball strikes the hand and bursts out. it stays a dot ball. difficult chance, one could probably say that rabada saved four.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: six! rohit gets india off the mark
three dot balls in the second over as well before india finally get off nought with a typical pull shot from rohit sharma. short from rabada, rohit pulls him fine and the ball flies into the stands.
t20 world cup live score: maiden over!
“yes, yes yes!” says rahul after getting bat on the last ball but rohit sends him back. rahul and india yet to get off the mark. kagiso rabada comes in to bowl next.
india vs south africa live score: four dot balls first up
rahul almost deliberately plays and misses the first two balls, gets hold of the second but it goes to a fielder and then has a waft at the fourth which, fortunately for him, he missed entirely.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: here we go!
rahul facing up with rohit at the other end. left arm pacer wayne parnell opens the bowling for the proteas. this will be a tricky first over for the indians.
t20 world cup live score: the players make their way out
south africa went into a huddle after the national anthems. just a couple of minutes later, rohit sharma and kl rahul walked out to open the indian innings.
india vs south africa live score: cold conditions
some of those child mascots standing with the players were positively shivering during the national anthems and so it is pretty cold and windy out there. no rains, clear skiers, but it will be interesting to see what effect the chill has.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: the national anthems
the two teams have made their way to the middle and have lined up with their flags stretched out behind them. first up is south africa's national anthem and that will be followed by india's.
t20 world cup live score: here is suryakumar yadav
“i have been backing myself since the start of the tournament. we had a 10-day camp in perth as well. i knew that the wickets here will be bouncy and quick, so i have my plans. really looking forward to the game today. (on the practice camp) you get to know what the conditions are, you get to bat on these kind of wickets and then field as well under lights. there shouldn't be any complacency, you have to start from zero. fresh game, big game for both the teams, really gonna love it. the quick wickets and bounce .... that has been helping me really well. yes the grounds are big but at the same time the challenge is completely different, you got to have your own plans. i just want to go out and enjoy.”
india vs south africa live score: gambhir in disbelief
gautam gambhir could not quite put his surprise into words in the star sports studio while reacting to india dropping axar patel for deepak hooda. gambhir says that hooda will have to played out of position in the lower order because the top four of rohit sharma, kl rahul, virat kohli and suryakumar yadav is set.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: what temba bavuma said
“big game for us, have had a good start to the tournament, it;'s a big opportunity to test our skills against a strong indian team. we would have probably batted as well, could be slightly tough to bat under lights, but we now need to bowl well and restrict them to a low score. the conditions are similar to what we have at home and it's a surface which our pacers can exploit. one change - shamsi misses out, ngidi comes in”
t20 world cup live score: rohit sharma's words
“we will bat. it's a good surface, we know what to expect and what to do on this pitch. we had a camp across at the waca, helped us get used to the bounce for both batters and the bowlers. but this is an important game from where the tournament is, we just have to follow the routine and trust the process, just stay calm and execute the plans. one change - axar misses out, hooda is in.”
india vs south africa live score: south africa xi
temba bavuma (c), quinton de kock (w), rilee roussouw, tristan stubbs, aiden markram, david miller, wayne parnell, keshav maharaj, kagiso rabada, anrich nortje, lungi ngidi
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: india xi
rohit sharma(c), kl rahul, virat kohli, suryakumar yadav, deepak hooda, hardik pandya, dinesh karthik(w), ravichandran ashwin, bhuvneshwar kumar, mohammed shami, arshdeep singh
t20 world cup live score: india win toss, choose to bat
one change to the team, says rohit sharma. axar patel misses out and deepak hooda comes in.
india vs south africa live score: toss on schedule
with pakistan's game against the netherlands getting over on time, there is no delay in the toss. rohit sharma and temba bavuma are already out in the middle and we are seconds away from that coin taking flight.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: centurion rossouw
the 33-year-old did not get to bat in the first match. no worries, he made up for that by becoming the first batter to score a century in this t20 world cup.  he hit 109 runs in 56 balls against bangladesh, smacking seven fours and eight sixes in the innings.
t20 world cup live score: pakistan open their account
pakistan have beaten the netherlands by six wickets but it was hardly an easy ride for them. they had to chase down just 92 but they could never get any tempo going. they ended up losing four wickets and it took them almost 14 overs to get there. that is not the kind of nrr boosting win they would have been searching for.
india vs south africa live score: kohli's record
virat kohli seems to have risen again and that, coupled with suryakumar yadav's blazing form, has done wonders for india. kohli is now 28 runs away from surpassing mahela jayawardene as the highest run scorer of all time in t20 world cup history.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: india's predicted xi
rohit sharma (c), kl rahul, virat kohli, suryakumar yadav, hardik pandya, dinesh karthik (wk), axar patel, ravichandran ashwin, bhuvneshwar kumar, mohammed shami, arshdeep singh
t20 world cup live score: south africa's bavuma situation
there are few cases more bewildering in this tournament than that of temba bavuma. he is the captain of the south african t20 team, a position held by the likes of ab de villiers and faf du plessis in the past, and yet his career stats in the format are 569 runs in 29 innings at a strike rate of 115.41 and average of 22.76. this year, he has scored 68 runs in a whopping nine innings at a strike rate of 79.06. in this tournament, he has scored a total of four runs, falling for two off six balls against bangladesh. all this is while he is opening the innings and keeping out the in-form reeza hendricks from the team. bavuma has always come accross as a level-headed, fair man in his interviews, but it is hard to ignore the fact that he would be nowhere close to getting into this team had he not been captain.
india vs south africa live score: kl rahul's woes
rahul has been a paradox. on his day, he can score 40-ball centuries and yet, his day arrives so rarely, some believe they don't even exist any more in t20is. he is the only indian batter to have not been able to make a mark yet in this tournament. anil kumble, who spent many painful seasons working closely with rahul as punjab kings head coach in the ipl, said it best: i think he sort of switches on and switches for whatever reason. we saw in his last game for punjab against chennai where we had to get those runs and have a crack at the net run rate, we saw what he can do. he just smashed everyone and chennai had some good international bowlers. “so it is just a matter of rahul switching on. it is not about any conversation any of us can have, it is just about him feeling that today is when i will start hitting shots or be tentative. we don't know.
india vs south africa live score: why pakistan are praying for an india win
india currently top group 2 on the basis of their net run rate, tied on four points with second-placed bangladesh. however, bangladesh have played three games while third-placed south africa have got three points in two games. this would mean that a win for south africa today would help the proteas jump to the top spot and push india down to second. bangladesh will be third. where does pakistan come in all this? well, pakistan are on their way to recording their first win of this tournament as we speak which means they will now get to two points and they need south africa to lose today to stand a chance at sneaking into the top 2. that is where we will leave it for now, going into the details might mean whipping out our algebra calculators out and summonning einstein's theory of relativity, among other things
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: south africa's tournament thus far
south africa had done all they could in their first match against zimbabwe. when the match was reduced to a nine-overs a side affair, they restricted zimbabwe to 79/5. they then smashed 51 runs in three overs before the umpires dragged the players off the field due to rain. the game was eventually abandoned and because five overs could not be played in the south african innings, it was declared as a no-result, thus costing south africa two points that they were more or less assured of.
they kept their heads down and ignored that bit of misfortune, smacking 205/5 against bangladesh batting first in the next match. the total came largely thanks to rilee rossouw's 109 off 56 balls and his 168-run stand for the second wicket with quinton de kock. anrich nortje then took over, recording figures of 4/10 as bangladesh were blown away for 101 runs and south africa took home a mammoth 104-run win.
t20 world cup live score: india's tournament thus far
india have been one of the luckier teams in the super 12 stage in the way that they haven't had a match washed out. that was expected before their opening match against pakistan at the mcg but on the day of the game, the clouds cleared and allowed one of the greatest t20 matches of all time unfold. virat kohli's innings of a lifetime helped india seal a four-wicket win off the last ball of the match. their second match was quite a different one. it was against the netherlands and india were ruthless in their execution, winning by 56 runs.
india vs south africa live score: the south africa series
india's last bilateral series before the t20 world cup was at home against south africa. the series ended up being a 2-2 draw and south africa thus maintained their unbeaten record in india. they started off by chasing down a target of 212 with five balls to spare and then won the next one by four wickets with nearly two overs to spare. india stopped the spiral, coming back strongly in the third and fourth t20is but the last match was washed out.
ind vs sa t20 world cup live score: south africa full squad
quinton de kock(w), temba bavuma(c), rilee rossouw, aiden markram, tristan stubbs, david miller, wayne parnell, keshav maharaj, kagiso rabada, anrich nortje, tabraiz shamsi, lungi ngidi, heinrich klaasen, marco jansen, reeza hendricks
t20 world cup live score: india full squad
rohit sharma(c), kl rahul, virat kohli, suryakumar yadav, hardik pandya, dinesh karthik(w), axar patel, ravichandran ashwin, bhuvneshwar kumar, mohammed shami, arshdeep singh, rishabh pant, deepak hooda, harshal patel, yuzvendra chahal
india vs south africa live score: hello and welcome!
as far as tasty match-ups go, this one is a seven-course meal. there is india's batting lineup against that scary south african fast bowling unit. then there is india's own fairly efficient unit against the south african batting lineup that has been firing on all cylinders thus far in this tournament. both are good fielding sides, with south africa arguably edging it there. it will be a game of fine margins and high quality. let's sink our teeth into it.
