watch-jemimah-rodrigues-hits-the-notes-as-her-melbourne-stars-teammates-groove-on-channa-mereya-101667105989930.
star india batter jemimah rodrigues delivered yet another masterpiece for her fans and joining her in it was her melbourne stars teammates. the cricketer, who is adored by many for her social media antics, got her teammates to sing popular bollywood song channa mereya, with her playing the guitar.
jemimah shared the video on social media on saturday and wrote: “went a lil desi with the stars. how good are they at bollywood song?! #channamereya also, such a good win today!! we keep going @starsbbl #wbbl08.”
went a lil desi with the stars 🥰how good are they at bollywood songs?! 🤩#channamereya also such a good win today!! we keep going 💚 @starsbbl #wbbl08 pic.twitter.com/0sf6iembnb
the video was an instant hit among the fans, with her team india colleagues deol harleen, smriti mandhana, and renuka thakur also reacting on it.
actor anushka sharma, who'll be seen in the biopic of jhulan goswami - chakda 'xpress, and ayushmann khurrana also reacted on the post.
also read | 'seeing zimbabweans believe i was real mr bean was my biggest earning': pakistan doppelganger reacts to pak-zim banter
meanwhile, jemimah is yet to fire big at the ongoing edition of the women's big bash league (wbbl). she was dismissed for a duck in the match against perth scorchers, and was run-out on 8 in the following clash against melbourne renegades.
the team are currently placed sixth on the eight-team points table with one win from the five matches they've played so far. they will next lock horns with sydney thunder, which is scheduled to be played on monday.
jemimah had recently injured her hand during the commonwealth games, where india secured the silver medal after going down against australia in the final. she was forced a miss a major chunk of the the hundred and india's limited-over series against england.
however, after undergoing rehabilitation at the national cricket academy (nca) in bengaluru, she made a strong return and finished as highest run scorer at the asia cup. she had scored 217 runs at the tournament, which came at a strike rate of 135.62 as india went to win the continental trophy. she had also scored a 53-ball 76 against sri lanka, which was india's first match at the tournament.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
