pakistan-vs-netherlands-live-cricket-score-t20-world-cup-2022-today-match-pak-vs-ned-latest-scorecard-at-perth-stadium-101667105702765.

pakistan vs netherlands highlights, t20 world cup 2022: shadab khan hit the scoring runs as pakistan beat netherlands by six wickets at the t20 world cup, super 12 encounter in perth on sunday. pakistan completed the 92-run chase in 13.5 overs and remain alive in the semifinal race. the win will also add a massive boost to their run-rate. however, babar azam's misfortune continued as he was run-out for four against netherlands during the chase. fakhar zaman then stitched a small partnership with mohammad rizwan, before he was caught-behind on 20(16). rizwan was dismissed on 49 and shan masood was the final pakistan batter to be dismissed. earlier in the day, shadab khan scalped three wickets, and mohammad wasim jr picked two as netherlands could only manage 91/9 after opting to bat first. shaheen shah afridi, naseem shah and haris rauf picked a wicket each. meanwhile, a bouncer from haris rauf forced bas de leede to leave the field after it hit his helmet. logan van beek has replaced him as a concussion substitute. catch the highlights of pak vs ned:

follow all the updates here:
pak vs ned live score: pakistan beat netherlands by six wickets
brandon glover strikes as shan masood departs for 12. however, pakistan won't mind the wicket as they are just one run away from the win.
shadab khan, who had earlier scalped three wickets, walks out in the middle and scores the winning runs as pakistan complete the 92-run chase in 13.5 overs. they beat netherlands by six wickets.
pak vs ned live score: paul van meekeren completes his quota
paul van meekeren completes his quota. he concedes 19 runs and picks a wicket.
pak vs ned live score: caught behind
mohammad rizwan misses out on his half-century by a run. he is caught-behind. pak: 83/3 (12.1 overs)
pak vs ned live score: pakistan need 12 runs in 54 balls
roelof van der merwe comes into the attack and concedes seven runs. the equation reduces to 12 runs in 54 balls.
pak vs ned live score: pakistan need 19 runs in 60 balls
shan masood and mohammad rizwan add 19 off 16 balls as pakistan move to 73/2 after 10 overs. they need 19 runs in 60 balls.
pak vs ned live score: rizwan leads chase
shan masood joins mohammad rizwan in the middle as pakistan reach 62/2 after 8 overs. rizwan is batting on 37(24).
pak vs ned live score: out
fakhar zaman is caught behind on 20(16). brandon glover is the man, who gets the wicket. pak: 53/2 (7.1 overs)
pak vs ned live score: pakistan edge past 50
two boundaries come in the over bowled by tim pringle as pakistan reach 53/1 after 7 overs.
pak vs ned live score: fakhar in pain
mohammad rizwan starts the seventh over with a four, and then passes the strike to fakhar.
however, fakhar finds himself in some pain as he is refused for a single by rizwan in the third ball. physio attends the batter.
pak vs ned live score: end of powerplay
fakhar starts the final over of the powerplay with a double but has failed to get anything more out of it. he passes the strike to rizwan in the fifth ball, who finishes the over by stealing three runs in the final delivery. pakistan reach 41/1 after 6 overs.
pak vs ned live score: brilliant fielding
exceptional fielding by the player placed at covers, saves two boundaries, while one results in a dot, the pair of fakhar and rizwan steal three runs in the second one.
pakistan reach 35/1 after 5 overs.
pak vs ned live score: rizwan survives a scare
rizwan survives a scare as he mistimes his pull, which lands just wide of a diving fielder at mid-wicket.
five runs come off the over as pakistan reach 31/1 after 4 overs.
pak vs ned live score: fakhar zaman starts with boundary
fakhar zaman starts with a boundary and goes on to hit another one in the over. 10 runs come off the over as pakistan reach 26/1 after 3 overs.
pak vs ned live score: babar departs
paul van meekeren bangs it short and babar attempts to play it towards the third man region. he gets an edge but the ball flies over the wicketkeeper's head and races for a four.
however, babar is once again packed early, this time it comes in the form of run-out. he departs for 4(5). pak: 16/1 (2 overs)
pak vs ned live score: 11 off the 1st over
rizwan accumulates 11 runs in the first over.
pak vs ned live score: the chase begins
mohammad rizwan and babar azam walk out in the middle to start the run chase. fred klaassen leads the attack for netherlands, as rizwan starts with a double and follows it up with a boundary towards long-off. good start by pakistan.
pak vs ned live score: ned post 91/9 in 20 overs
netherlands post 91/9 in 20 overs. shadab khan scalps three wickets, while mohammad wasim jr scalps 2. haris rauf, shaheen afridi, and naseem shah share one wicket each.
pak vs ned live score: two in two for wasim
two in two for mohammad wasim jr as netherlands go 8 down. he first cleans up tim pringle for 5(8) and then removes fred klaassen on a golden duck.
he fails to complete his hattrick as the ball misses the stumps by a few centimeters. ned: 81/8 (18.4 overs)
pak vs ned live score: haris rauf strikes
after shadab khan, netherlands are now crumbling against pakistan pacers.
haris rauf picks his first wicket as he cleans up roelof van der merwe on 5(6).
three runs come off the over as netherlands reach 74/6 after 17 overs.
pak vs ned live score: out!
three runs come off the over bowled by naseem shah as netherlands reach 71/5 after 16 overs. he also picks his first wicket of the match as iftikhar ahmed completes a good catch. scott edwards was the batter dismissed on 15(20).
pak vs ned live score: third wicket for shadab
shadab khan provides pakistan with another breakthrough. he traps colin ackermann lbw on 27(27).
netherlands reach 68/4 after 15 overs. shadab khan: 4-0-22-3
pak vs ned live score: netherlands rebuild
colin ackermann and scott edwards do some rebuilding for netherlands as the pair combine to add 32 runs off 34 balls. ackermann, who has been enjoying decent touch, is batting on 24(24).
edwards is batting on 11(17).
pak vs ned live score: 50 up for netherlands
pakistan switch to pace and mohammad wasim jr is also brought back into the attack. he starts with a four-run over as netherlands move to 53/3 after 13 overs.
pak vs ned live score: six runs come off the over
haris rauf comes to bowl the 12th over and is hit for a boundary by colin ackermann. six runs come off the over as netherlands move to 49/3 after 12 overs.
pak vs ned live score: rare good over for netherlands so far
good over from netherlands' perspective as nine runs come off it. one was a leading edge, which resulted in a boundary. ned: 43/3 (11 overs)
pak vs ned live score: pakistan on top
six runs come off the over bowled by mohammad nawaz as netherlands reach 34/3 after 10 overs.
pak vs ned live score: wicket for pakistan
another wicket for shadab, this time he traps max odowd lbw on 8, who had opted for a player review.
meanwhile, pakistan also lose a review in the same over as they take one against scott edwards, but the impact was outside the line.
both teams lose one review each.
ned: 28/3 (9 overs)
pak vs ned live score: out!
shadab khan strikes in his first ball of the match as tom cooper plays it straight to mohammad wasim jr at deep mid-wicket.
two runs come off the over. ned: 21-2 (7 overs)
pak vs ned live score: end of powerplay
haris rauf is also introduced into the attack and the pacer starts off with four dots.
the fifth ball hits bas de leede on his helmet, nasty blow as he straightway sits down on the pitch with mohammmad rizwan immediately signaling towards the dugout for some medical aid.
he leaves the field with a smile, but there was some blood on his face, maybe a small cut.
ned: 19/1 (6 overs)

pak vs ned live score: netherlands move to 18/1 after 5 overs
mohammad wasim jr is introduced into the attack and the bowler concedes a boundary in his second ball.
however, he follows it up with two dots, with the third being an exceptional delivery, just beating the outside edge.
six runs come off the over as ned move to 18/1 after 5 overs.
pak vs ned live score: pakistan keep things tight
bas de leeden is the new batter in as he combines with max odowd to fetch three runs from naseem shah's second over.
meanwhile, rizwan is holding his index finger, looks in a bit of pain but the physios remain away from the scene. so it may not be a big issue.
ned: 12/1 (4 overs)
pak vs ned live score: shaheen afridi strikes early
shaheen afridi strikes early, removing opener stephan myburgh on 6(11). ned: 9/1 (3 overs)
pak vs ned live score: brilliant fielding by fakhar zaman
naseem shah will share the new ball duties with shaheen.
the fourth ball of the over is dropped at length, wide off the stump and myburgh punches it square of the wicket. however, a brilliant effort by fakhar zaman saves three runs for pakistan.
just one run come off the over. ned: 3/0 (2 overs)

pak vs ned live score: shaheen afridi starts strong
two runs come off the first over bowled by shaheen afridi. one was a quick single, the other came in the form of wide. ned: 2/0 (1 over)
pak vs ned live updates: here we go!
netherlands opener stephan myburgh and max odowd walk out in the middle to kick-off the proceedings.
shaheen afridi will lead the attack for pakistan.
pak vs ned live updates: pre-match rituals
the players arrive in the middle for the pre-match rituals. the action will start shortly.
pak vs ned live updates: babar azam at toss
“we are not under pressure, but it's not going to be easy for us. we need to focus on this game.”
ned vs pak live updates: playing xis
netherlands: stephan myburgh, max odowd, bas de leede, colin ackermann, tom cooper, scott edwards(w/c), roelof van der merwe, tim pringle, fred klaassen, brandon glover, paul van meekeren
pakistan: mohammad rizwan(w), babar azam(c), shan masood, fakhar zaman, iftikhar ahmed, shadab khan, mohammad nawaz, mohammad wasim jr, shaheen afridi, haris rauf, naseem shah
pak vs ned live score: netherlands win toss
netherlands win toss and opt to bat
pak vs ned live score: win toss, bowl first
chasing has been ideally preferred at the venue. if we look at the pitch, it has been a paradise for pacers, accounting for most wickets at any given part of the innings.
however, sikandar raja's performance against pakistan was an exception.
pak vs ned live updates: weather update
the weather has remained in focus, with a few matches already getting called off due to rain. however, the good news is there's only a cloudy day in store on sunday in perth.
pakistan vs netherlands live updates: can babar get some runs today?
another player, who holds the key for pakistan and has been a flop so far is their skipper babar azam. the talismanic batter was dismissed for a golden duck against india and could only manage a nine-ball four in the following encounter against zimbabwe.
pakistan vs netherlands, t20 world cup: focus on shaheen afridi
the focus will surely be on shaheen shah afridi, who is yet to pick a single wicket at the ongoing world cup.
he is yet to catch his old rhythm, since returning from the knee injury and a lot of questions have been raised regarding his fitness.
pakistan vs netherlands, t20 world cup live updates: a quick look at the two squads!
netherlands squad: vikramjit singh, max odowd, bas de leede, colin ackermann, tom cooper, scott edwards(w/c), tim pringle, logan van beek, shariz ahmad, fred klaassen, paul van meekeren, roelof van der merwe, timm van der gugten, stephan myburgh, teja nidamanuru, brandon glover.
pakistan squad: mohammad rizwan(w), babar azam(c), shan masood, iftikhar ahmed, shadab khan, haider ali, mohammad nawaz, mohammad wasim jr, shaheen afridi, haris rauf, naseem shah, mohammad hasnain, khushdil shah, fakhar zaman, asif ali.
hello and welcome!
welcome to our live coverage of match no.29 (super 12 group 1) of the icc world t20 2022 between pakistan and netherlands from the perth stadium.
