watch-glenn-phillips-produces-olympic-race-style-sprint-at-non-striker-s-end-twitter-says-full-marks-for-innovation-101667036751216.
new zealand batter glenn phillips produced a stunning performance in the side's match against sri lanka on saturday. phillips smashed a brilliant century – the first of the super 12 stage at the t20 world cup – as the kiwis reached a fighting score of 167/7 in 20 overs in sydney. phillips, who scored 104 off 64 deliveries, was largely the catalyst for new zealand in the innings as the next-highest score was 22 by daryl mitchell.
besides his brilliant knock, however, phillips also demonstrated an unusual but effective way of leaving the crease at the non-striker's end without putting his wicket in danger. after deepti sharma reignited the controversy surrounding the dismissal – more informally known as the ‘mankad’ – when she ran out england's charlotte dean at the non-striker's end in an odi, many insisted that the batters should stay at the crease until the ball is released by the bowler.
also read: 'bhai...india ke kismat badal jayegi': watch indian fan's epic request to rishabh pant ahead of south africa t20 wc tie
during the final over of the new zealand innings, phillips, in a bid to retain the strike, bent towards the crease in a manner similar to athletes before a sprint, and the moment lahiru kumara released the delivery, he charged towards the striker's end. phillips has been lauded for this unique way to dodge the run out-at-the-non-striker's-end dismissal.
watch:
????? ????????? ??????? ??????? ???? ??????? ??????????? ?? ????? ????, ? ?? ?????? ?? ?????? ????? ????.👌🏻#t20worldcup #nzvsl #glennphillipspic.twitter.com/h1baqt1u1u
this is how twitter reacted:

glenn phillips preparing for olympics#t20worldcup #nzvssl pic.twitter.com/u8xzvnfqlb
glenn phillips basically loading up at the non-striker's like he's about to run the 100m olympic final and i'm all for it 🏃??? #t20worldcup
interesting how phillips had set himself at non-striker end. seemed like he?s starting for a olympic 100m sprint! #nzvsl #slvnz #t20worldcup
full marks for innovation ?. this is some nice tactic to get an extra edge while running b/w the wickets. unless he won?t get a false start :p https://t.co/g771wpifup
this is the true spirit of cricket 👍 #t20worldcup https://t.co/5t8sk07wm4
earlier in the game, new zealand had won the toss and opted to bat in sydney; however, they endured a poor start with both of their openers – finn allen and devon conway departing on 1. kane williamson, too, could only score 8 before daryl mitchell stepped up for the side, scoring majority of the runs in an 81-run partnership for the fourth wicket alongside mitchell.
new zealand are currently at the top of the group 1 table with three points in two matches; with a win, they will go clear of england, ireland, and australia, who also have three points after as many matches in the group.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
