afghanistan-vs-ireland-live-cricket-score-t20-world-cup-2022-today-match-afg-vs-ire-latest-scorecard-at-melbourne-mcg-101666923831126.

afghanistan vs ireland live score, t20 world cup 2022: ireland and afghanistan had to share two points as relentless rain put paid to any chance of even a toss happening at the melbourne cricket ground. the city has been witnessing rain all day long with a brief period of heavy showers. the toss was thus indefinitely delayed and eventually, the match was abandoned altogether. this is the second consecutive match involving afghanistan that has been washed out at the same venue and has all but ended the outside chance of ireland sneaking through to the semi-finals after their extraordinary win against england.

follow all the updates here:
afghanistan vs ireland live score: match abandoned!
that's that, umpires and captains all shake hands. rashid khan has gone to the crowd and is interacting with them, clicking pictures and what not, giving the fans something to remember on this soggy day. hugely disappointing for ireland especially, they might just have missed out on a chance to make it to the semis because of this.
t20 world cup live score: conditions and cut-off time
we started losing overs at around 10.30am ist and the cut-off time for a five-over game is 5.15pm local time (11.45am ist). but there is a chance that the umpires and captains could call it before that also if they feel it is not possible for the match to go forward. for now, we wait.
afg vs ire, t20 world cup live score: next inspection scheduled for…
…when the rain stops! well, that is very encouraging, isn't it? indefinite delay now, the rain is unrelenting and the players are all in their training kit. go grab another cup of tea/coffee, or else catch up on the sleep or work that you put aside to follow this game. we are going to be here for a while.
afghanistan vs ireland live score: more delay
the umpires walked out with umbrellas, had a chat, and then walked back in. a few ireland players were also out their with their brollys, captain andy balbirnie included. we have started losing overs now, if at all the match will happen that is.
t20 world cup live score: inspection time arrives
no official update as of yet from the ‘g. judging by the look of things, any update that will come won’t exactly be music to the ears.
afg vs ire, t20 world cup live score: 10 mins to go for the inspection
and it is still absolutely bucketing down. a point each does practically nothing for both these teams. while it puts afghanistan on two points in three games, ireland will be on three and either australia or england are bound to go up to four points later today.
afghanistan vs ireland live score: and the covers are back
for now, this blog is in cover watch mode. the rains are back and so are the covers at the mcg. just so you know, the rains are heavier and it is now quite windy as well.
t20 world cup live score: cover being taken off
but hold on to your horses, there is more rain on the radar and it remains almost hopelessly murky at the mcg. this is most probably a futile exercise.
afg vs ire, t20 world cup live score: inspection at 10.30am ist
this means that we are losing at least half of the overs that were originally required to be bowled at the very least. looking at the forecast, there doesn't seem to be many chances of the remaining half being bowled either. afghanistan could have a second consecutive washout in their hands. would be pretty interesting if they just get knocked out of the tournament without bowling a single ball after that loss to england.
t20 world cup live score: match delayed
it may sound a little silly to say this but the fact remains that we are now past the scheduled start time of 9.30am ist. still no update about when the match will start or how many overs are going to be lost.
afg vs ire, t20 world cup live score: what's up next?
india-pakistan is the showstopper of course but so is the match that is set to be played today after this one at the mcg. england and australia is always a big game but throw in the context of the fact that the former simply need to win this and this takes a different dimension altogether. let's hope that rain allows something resembling a normal match today.
afghanistan vs ireland live score: the pitch
the grass on the mcg pitch has been retained, it is overcast, and so today could be all about the fast bowlers. however, there is rashid khan in one of these two teams and you can't possibly keep him out of the game regardless of the conditions.
t20 world cup live score: spin to trouble ireland?
former england spinner graeme swann says on star sports that this might be a tricky clash for ireland despite the fact that they beat england in their previous match because of the fact that they are not very good players of spin.
afg vs ire, t20 world cup live score: toss delayed!
there it is folks. that coin will remain inside the match referee's hands for now, it is not about to be tossed up in the air any time soon.
afghanistan vs ireland live score: it's raining!
ah there it is, looks like toss is bound to be delayed now. it was scheduled to be at 9am ist.
t20 world cup live score: rain in melbourne
it has been absolutely pouring in some parts of the city. for now, though there are no drizzles at the mcg but the covers were on for quite a while. the umpires aleem dar and adrian holdstock had a walk around the field, feeling the wet patches here and there to be sure.
afg vs ire, t20 world cup live score: the mr. bean derby
this tournament has provided some utter thrillers already, some of which can legitimately be in the conversation for greatest t20 match of all time, and the thriller we saw in perth yesterday was among those. zimbabwe managed to defend a target of 131 against pakistan to throw the latter's campaign into jeopardy and won the match that had ended being called ‘the mr. bean derby’ because what has to be the most bizarre grudge stories that emerged in the anals of social media in the leadup to the game. we all needed a glass of colder water after watching that one.
afghanistan vs ireland live score: rain interruptions
it seems ireland and aghanistan can't really escape the rain. 80 percent chance of rain is the forecast between 8am and 8pm and so, this match is bound to be interrupted by rain. both teams had benefited from this though, moeen ali was just beginning to lead an england fightback when rain ruled the match in ireland's favour. meanwhile, if afghanistan played against new zealand the way they did against england, they were bound to receive another hiding and so, at least they got a point from that washed out game.
t20 world cup live score: ireland full squad
paul stirling, andrew balbirnie(c), lorcan tucker(w), harry tector, curtis campher, george dockrell, gareth delany, mark adair, barry mccarthy, fionn hand, joshua little, simi singh, conor olphert, graham hume, stephen doheny
afg vs ire, t20 world cup live score: afghanistan full squad
hazratullah zazai, rahmanullah gurbaz(w), ibrahim zadran, usman ghani, najibullah zadran, mohammad nabi(c), azmatullah omarzai, rashid khan, mujeeb ur rahman, fareed ahmad malik, fazalhaq farooqi, mohammad saleem safi, darwish rasooli, naveen-ul-haq, qais ahmad
afghanistan vs ireland live score: hello and welcome!
ireland's last match ended with heartening scenes as their players went to their fans to be showered hugs and kisses after their stunning win over england.  a lot of people wearing the light green of ireland in the stands at the mcg were largely friends and family of the players. afghanistan have not been able to have a moment like that at all in this tournament and they would hope that this would be the day.
