pakistan-vs-zimbabwe-live-cricket-score-t20-world-cup-2022-today-match-pak-vs-zim-latest-scorecard-at-perth-101666863686243.

pakistan vs zimbabwe highlights, t20 world cup 2022: pakistan took a strong blow in the race for semifinals as babar azam and co. endured a one-run defeat against zimbabwe in the super 12 encounter at the t20 world cup in perth on thursday. the low-scoring affair saw pakistan manage 129/8 in response to zimbabwe's 130/8. the results come as a strong blow to pakistan, who are yet to open their account at the showpiece event. sikandar raza was the standout bowler from zimbabwe camp, scalping three wickets in his four overs. meanwhile, babar azam's struggle continued as he was packed cheaply on 4. shortly after his dismissal blessing muzarabani cleaned up mohammad rizwan on 14. iftikhar ahmed also fell for 5. shan masood and shadab khan then kept the scoreboard ticking before raza scalped two wickets in consecutive deliveries. he then provided zimbabwe with a crucial wicket of masood, who was stumped on 44. earlier in the day, mohammad wasim scalped four wickets and shadab picked three as pakistan restricted zimbabwe to 130/8 in 20 overs after they opted to bat first. zimbabwe got off to a strong start, with openers wesley madhevere and craig ervine dealing in boundaries. haris rauf then provided pakistan with the first breakthrough and ever since they dictated the proceedings. there was a point when shadab and wasim combined to dismiss four batters in the span of six deliveries, handing pakistan complete control. catch the highlights of pak vs zim, t20 world cup:

follow all the updates here:
pak vs zim live score: huge blow to babar azam and co.
pakistan managed 129/8 in response to zimbabwe's 130/8.
pak vs zim live score: zimbabwe win
zimbabwe have defeated pakistan by 1 run. the final ball is struck by shaheen shah afridi, who just manages to complete a single and gets run-out while stealing the double. it's a big defeat for pakistan as far as the semifinal race is concerned.
pak vs zim live score: wicket!
pakistan lose mohammad nawaz in the second last delivery. he is caught by ervine at mid-off. pakistan still need 3 off 1 ball.
pak vs zim live score: dot ball
there's a dot ball, as the equation goes to 3 off 2 balls.
pak vs zim live score: a crucial boundary
mohammad wasim jr hits the second ball for a boundary, and takes a single to reduce the equation to 3 off 3.
pak vs zim live score: excellent fielding
brad evans comes to bowl the final over and mohammad nawaz starts it with a cracking shot over the infield fielders towards the cover region. excellent fielding as pakistan have to settle with three runs. pak: 123/6 (19.1 overs)
pak vs zim live score: late drama
richard ngarava comes in to bowl the penultimate over. a slight error in fielding as pakistan steal two runs in the first ball.
the next delivery is short and the batter makes no connection, however, they once again steal two runs in the third ball.
ngarava misses his length and ends up bowling a full toss, which is smashed for a six by mohammad nawaz.
he ends the over with a dot as pakistan reach 120/6 after 19 overs. they need 11 runs in final over.
pak vs zim live score: luck against zimbabwe
blessing muzarabani bangs it short and it takes the edge of mohammad nawaz's bat, which flies over the wicketkeeper's head for a boundary. really unfortunate for zimbabwe, as the following delivery also takes an edge but lands in no man's land.
seven runs come off the over. pakistan: 109/6 after 18 overs. they need 22 to win off 12 balls.

pak vs zim live score: the chase gets trickier
the run chase is getting trickier as pakistan move past 100 in the 17th over. with three overs to go, they need 29 runs to win. pak: 102/6 (17 overs)
pak vs zim live score: excellent glovework
excellent work behind the stumps as shan masood is stumped on 44(38). that will be wicket number three for sikandar raza.
mohammad nawaz and mohammad wasim jr are batting as pakistan reach 99/6 after 16 overs.
pak vs zim live score: five overs to go
0 1 1 1 1 1 | pakistan reach 93/5 after 15 overs.
pak vs zim live score: zimbabwe fightback
sikandar raza provides zimbabwe with an important breakthrough. shadab khan is caught at long-off on 17(14). he hits him for a six in the previous delivery, tries something similar but ends up handing a simple catch to sean williams.
meanwhile, raza scalps two in two as he traps haider ali lbw on 0. he took a drs, but it was clear plumb, which was also confirmed by tv replay.
pak: 88/5 (14 overs) | need 43 runs in 36 balls
pak vs zim live score: poor fielding by zimbabwe
blessing muzarabani is recalled into the attack but the excellent running between the wickets continue. another over with no boundaries but nine runs come off it. pak: 80/3 after 13 overs
pak vs zim live score: good running between the wickets
3 1 wd 1 1 2 1 | despite no boundaries 10 runs come off the over bowled by sean williams as pakistan move to 71-3 after 12 overs.
pak vs zim live score: pakistan rotate strike comfortbaly
the boundaries have dried up but pakistan pair of shan masood and shadab khan are freely rotating the strike. seven runs come off the over bowled by ryan burl as pakistan reach 61-3 after 11 overs.
pak vs zim live score: zimbabwe need wickets
pakistan reach 54/3 at the halfway stage. they need 77 runs in 60 balls.
pak vs zim live score: good batting by shan masood and shadab khan
shan masood and shadab khan are doing the best to ease pakistan off the pressure. the pair are rotating the strike effectively and stealing singles and doubles. meanwhile, 8 runs come off the over by sikandar raza as pakistan move to 49/3 after 9 overs.
pak vs zim live score: are we in for a big upset?
luke jongwe comes into the attack and shan masood welcomes him with a boundary. the batter shuffles across the crease and plays it over the wicketkeeper's head for a boundary.
however, the bowler provides zimbabwe with a wicket in the same over as iftikhar ahmed is caught behind on 5(10).
pak: 41-3 (8 overs)
pak vs zim live score: zimbabwe introduce spin
zimbabwe introduce spin as sikandar raza comes into the attack right after the powerplay. he starts with a three-run over. pak: 31-2 (7 overs)
pak vs zim live score: end of powerplay
pakistan manage 28 for the loss of two wickets in the powerplay overs. not the ideal start, but the target is just 131, so it won't trouble them much.
pak vs zim live score: more trouble for pakistan
more trouble for pakistan as blessing muzarabani cleans up mohammad rizwan on 14.
iftikhar ahmed joins shan masood in the middle as pakistan reach 23/2 after 5 overs.
pak vs zim live score: babar departs
babar azam's trouble continues as he departs for 4. he is dismissed by brad evans as ryan burl takes a good catch.
rizwan closes the over with a six, not in the best possible way, as the ball takes an edge and flies over the fence right over the wicketkeeper's head.
meanwhile, shan masood is the new batter in as pakistan reach 20/1 after 4 overs.
pak vs zim live score: babar azam off the mark
babar azam and mohammad rizwan combine to hit richard ngarava for a boundary each as pakistan move to 12/0 after 3 overs.
pak vs zim live score: zimbabwe keep things tight
blessing muzarabani comes in to bowl the second over and maintains the tempo set by richard ngarava.
just one run come off it as babar azam is yet to open his account. pak: 3/0 (2 overs)
pak vs zim live score: pakistan start slow
good start by ngarava as pakistan manage just two runs in the first over.
pak vs zim live score: the chase begins
pakistan openers babar azam and mohammad rizwan arrive in the middle to start the run chase. richard ngarava will open the attack for zimbabwe.
pak vs zim live score: pakistan need 131 to win
mohammad wasim picks a wicket and concedes 10 runs in the final over as zimbabwe post 130/8.
pak vs zim live score: dropped
ryan burl is dropped by haider ali off haris rauf's bowling but pakistan won't mind it, considering the position they are in at the moment.
meanwhile with one to over to go, zimbabwe are batting at 120/7.
pak vs zim live score: two overs to go
haris rauf concedes four runs in the 17th over and naseem shah follows it up with a seven-run over. zim: 115/7 (18 overs)
pak vs zim live score: shaheen fails to pick a wicket
shaheen shah afridi completes his four-over quota. he fails to pick a wicket and concedes 29 runs.
zim: 104/7 (16 overs)
pak vs zim live score: pakistan on top
zimbabwe crumble against pakistan bowlers as mohammad wasim strikes twice in consecutive balls.
he first packs sikandar raza on 9(16) and then cleans up luke jongwe for a golden duck.
zimbabwe reach 98/7 after 15 overs
pak vs zim live score: what a catch!
babar azam plucks a stunner at slips after the ball takes the edge of regis chakabva's bat. shadab khan scalps two in two balls. zim: 95-5 (14 overs)
pak vs zim live score: welcome boundaries for zimbabwe
welcome boundaries for zimbabwe as sikandar raza and sean williams combine to hit naseem shah for a boundary each. 11 runs come off it. zim: 87/3 (13 overs)
pak vs zim live score: excellent bowling by shadab khan
shadab khan comes to bowl his third over and does an excellent job. sikandar raza and sean williams are focused in strike rotation. five runs come off the over. zim: 76/3 (12 overs)
pak vs zim live score: excellent stuff by haris rauf
haris rauf returns to the attack and starts off with a five dot balls. however, the final delivery races towards the boundary behind the stumps. zimbabwe reach 71-3 after 11 overs.
pak vs zim live score: caught and bowled
shadab khan takes a sharp catch off his own bowling as milton shumba departs for 8(10). zim: 64/3 (9.4 overs)
pak vs zim live score: iftikhar ahmed drops williams
a short delivery by shaheen afridi and milton shumba gets under it and slaps it towards mid-on for a four. he then passes the strike to sean williams.
meanwhile, iftikhar ahmed drops williams at midwicket.
zim: 61-2 (9 overs)
pak vs zim live score: babar introduces spin
babar introduces spin in the form of shadab khan. the spinner concedes two runs in the first two balls.
excellent over by him as just four runs come off it. zim: 53/2 (8 overs)
pak vs zim live score: shaheen keeps thing tight
shaheen shah afridi is brought into the attack right after the powerplay. just two runs come off his over as zim reach 49/2 after 7 overs.
pak vs zim live score: pakistan fightback
momentum is shifting towards pakistan as mohammad wasim jr scalps his first wicket. he traps wesley madhevere lbw on 17(13) as pakistan strike in quick intervals.
sean williams and milton shumba are the new batters in, with williams starting with a cracking four.
end of powerplay as zimbabwe reach 47/2 in the first 6 overs
pak vs zim live score: haris rauf breaks the partnership
pakistan introduce haris rauf into the attack and the pair of wesley madhevere and craig ervine quickly switch to rotation of the strike.
first four deliveries, four runs so far, out of which one was a dot.
he then surprises craig ervine with a short delivery to end his over. the batter fails to control his shot and ends up getting a top-edge, which is well caught by mohammad wasim. he departs for 19(19).
zimbabwe: 42/1 (5 overs)
pak vs zim live score: no boundaries
naseem shah comes to bowl his second over of the match. seven runs come off it. zim: 38/0 (4 overs)
pak vs zim live score: zimbabwe maintain momentum
babar makes first bowling change as mohammad wasim jr comes into the attack.
he starts with a wide, but doesn't concede a four until the fifth ball of the over. wasim bangs it short and madhevere whips it over the fielder for a four towards the third man region. zim: 31/0 (3 overs)
pak vs zim live score: the boundaries keep coming
naseem shah will share the new ball duties with shaheen. however, he is welcomed with consecutive fours by zimbabwe captain craig ervine. the first one is hit towards the cover region, while the second was knocked on the on-side.
the pacer then recovered well and bowled three dots.
nine runs come off the over as zimbabwe reach 23/0 after two overs.
pak vs zim live score: expensive start by shaheen
exquisite timing by wesley madhevere as he punches the ball straight past shaheen afridi for a boundary. he follows it with another boundary, this time towards covers.
expensive start by shaheen as 14 runs come off the first over.
pak vs zim live score: here we go!
zimbabwe opening pair wesley madhevere and craig ervine walk out in the middle to kick-off the proceedings. shaheen shah afridi will lead the attack for pakistan.
pak vs zim live update: pre-match rituals
the players of both the sides have arrived at the center for the pre-match rituals. action to get underway shortly.
pak vs zim live score: head-to-head
pakistan and zimbabwe are meeting for the first time at the t20 world cup.
however, the two have engaged in 17 t20is, out of which pakistan have won 16. five of them have come since 2019.
pak vs zim live score: playing xis
pakistan: mohammad rizwan(w), babar azam(c), shan masood, iftikhar ahmed, shadab khan, haider ali, mohammad nawaz, shaheen afridi, haris rauf, mohammad wasim jr, naseem shah
zimbabwe: regis chakabva(w), craig ervine(c), sean williams, sikandar raza, wesley madhevere, milton shumba, brad evans, ryan burl, luke jongwe, blessing muzarabani, richard ngarava
pak vs zim live score: zimbabwe win toss
zimbabwe win toss, opt to bat.
pak vs zim live update: weather forecast
the weather is expected to be slightly chilly, with temperatures dropping to 15 degree celsius. the good news is that rains are likely to remain away.
pak vs zim live score: focus on shaheen shah afridi
the pakistan management has received a lot of flak regarding shaheen afridi's fitness. the pacer, who leads the attack, returned wicketless against india, following which former pakistan cricketers wasim akram and waqar younis, former captain misbah-ul-haq, wondered if the pacer was rushed into the action.
shaheen had suffered a knee injury while fielding in the first test against sri lanka at galle in mid-july and was out of action before making a return for the showpiece event in australia.
pak vs zim live score: what is at stake for pakistan
the defeat against india makes the clash against zimbabwe a crucial encounter as far as the semifinal race is concerned. if pakistan goes down against zimbabwe, the chances of them making to the final four takes a strong blow. hence, the margin for error for babar azam and co. is very little. and although they will be the favourites heading into the contest, but they won't make the mistake to their opponents lightly.
pak vs zim live score: haris rauf holds key, will shaheen play
although virat kohli overpowered the clinical display by haris rauf in the previous encounter, the pacer will surely hold the key for pakistan in the clash against zimbabwe.
shaheen afridi was not in his best, so it will be interesting to see if the management opt to give the pacer some rest, considering zimbabwe's not so promising batting line-up.
pak vs zim live score: super 12, group 2 points table
babar azam and co. find themselves at the fifth position on the points table. zimbabwe are placed one spot above them after sharing spoils with south africa.
pak vs zim live update: morale ‘high’ despite defeat
pakistan endured a four-wicket loss against india in their first match at the tournament. the clash saw pakistan batter iftikhar ahmed scored 51 off 34 balls.
sharing his thoughts on the contest, he said that the team is "feeling the pain and hurt" but the morale is still "high".
pakistan vs zimbabwe live: full squad
pakistan: mohammad rizwan(w), babar azam(c), shan masood, iftikhar ahmed, shadab khan, haider ali, mohammad nawaz, asif ali, shaheen afridi, haris rauf, naseem shah, khushdil shah, fakhar zaman, mohammad hasnain, mohammad wasim jr
zimbabwe: regis chakabva(w), craig ervine(c), sean williams, sikandar raza, wesley madhevere, milton shumba, ryan burl, luke jongwe, tendai chatara, blessing muzarabani, tony munyonga, wellington masakadza, brad evans, clive madande, richard ngarava
pak vs zim live update: hello and welcome!
hello and welcome to the live coverage of the t20 world cup between pakistan and zimbabwe. the super 12 encounter will be played at the perth stadium and the action is scheduled to start at 04:30 pm ist. the toss for the same will take place half an hour before. stay tuned for all the updates from the match!
