isliye-toh-match-jeet-gaaye-watch-babar-azam-s-stunning-reply-to-reporter-s-lagta-hai-virat-kohli-was-the-difference-remark-101666585675618.
virat kohli loves playing against pakistan. some of his top knocks in the white-ball format have come against pakistan. but the mcg classic on sunday against babar azam's men has now become a serious contender for being one of his best ever now. he admitted it and so did the pakistan captain when asked to rate the former india captain's unbeaten 82 at the 2022 t20 world cup. and babar had a rather stunning reply on kohli when asked about it.
speaking to the press after the four-wicket loss in their tournament opener, babar hailed the 33-year-old for being able to comeback from the early pressure and put a memorable show which he is feels a great confidence booster.
"definitely. india-pakistan ka match main extra pressure hota hai. usko aap jitna overcome kar sakte hai woh karein. isiliye woh badhey player hai. early on pressure tha but usne overcome kiya. apne innings ko build kiya and partnership banaya, mere khayal se match udhar change huya, (definitely, there is extra pressure during an india-pakistan match. the more you overcome it, the better it is. that's why he is a big player. there was pressure early on but he overcame it. he built his innings and struck a partnership. that's where i feel the match changed)" he said.
a journalist then asked him if he felt kohli's knock was the difference between the two sides and babar's response was pure gold.
also read: watch: the virat kohli straight six off haris rauf that shattered babar azam's hopes and left everyone mesmerised
"babar, virat ke toh bohot saare innings aapne dekhe honge. toh iss innings mein aapko lagta hai ki he was the difference between the two sides? he actually made the difference," said the journalist. babar quickly interrupted to say, "isliye toh match jeet gaaye (that's why they won)" as he smiled.
the journalist returned to his original question and asked babar how he would rate kohli's knock and the pakistan skipper replied saying, "dekhiye, struggle kar rahe the. comeback kiya phir itni bari innings ke baad unke confidence kaafi badha hoga. jab bhi aap aise matches jeetate hain toh woh individual ko bhi confidence milta hai. (see, he was struggling. staged a comeback and during his knock, his confidence got better. whenever you make your team win such matches, the player obviously grows in confidence).
pakistan will play their next match against zimbabwe on october 27 at the optus stadium in perth, while india will face netherlands the same day before taking on south africa three days later on october 30.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
