live-score-bangladesh-vs-netherlands-t20-world-cup-2022-today-cricket-match-ban-vs-ned-latest-scorecard-at-hobart-101666581060251.

bangladesh vs netherlands highlights, t20 world cup 2022: taskin ahmed led bangladesh's charge as they beat netherlands by 9 runs in a low scoring super 12 encounter of the t20 world cup in hobart on monday. ahmed finished the contest with four wickets in his quota, which saw him concede 25 runs. shakib al hasan and co. were invited to bat first but a clinical display by netherlands saw bangladesh manage a paltry 144/8 on the board in 20 overs. the opening pair of najmul hossain shanto and soumya sarkar got bangladesh off to a strong start, however, following their dismissal the asian side failed to carry forward the momentum and lost wickets at regular intervals. a 12-ball 20 cameo by mosaddek hossain towards the end helped bangladesh post a fighting total on the board. bangladesh bowlers and fielders put a strong show as netherlands were reduced to 15/4 inside four overs. however, scott edwards and colin ackermann showed some resistance, before shakib packed edwards for 16. ackermann led a lone battle and went to smash 62 off 48 balls. despite his knock, netherlands could only manage 135/10, with the last wicket falling in the final ball of the 20th over. catch the highlights of ban vs ned:

follow all the updates here:
ban vs ned live score: bangladesh win by 9 runs
soumya sarkar bowls the final over. the netherlands are finding the gaps, but boundaries are not coming. six runs off the first three balls, and then paul van meekeren whacks a six on the leg side, to reduce the equation to 12 needed of 2 balls.
the fifth ball also balloons up in the sky but only two runs come off it. and meekeren departs in the final ball as bangladesh win the contest by 9 runs.
netherlands are bundled out for 135 in response to bangladesh's 144/8.
ban vs ned live score: one over to go
mustafizur starts the 19th over with a boundary but recovers well and follows it up with two dots.
shouts of catch it on the fourth delivery but it will land safely.
he also bowls consecutive wides in the same over, but it won't hurt bangladesh. ned: 121/9
ban vs ned live score: taskin picks 4 wickets
taskin ahmed is brought into the attack and he is welcomed with a boundary. however, the bowler recovers well and removes shariz ahmad in the following delivery. he is caught at third man by hasan mahmud.
meanwhile, taskin picks his another wicket as colin ackermann's resistance ends at 62(48). ned: 105/9 (17 overs)
ban vs ned live score: good over by shakib
shakib al hasan concedes just six runs in his over as netherlands reach 92/7 after 16 overs.
ban vs ned live score: another one bites the dust
netherlands lose their 7th wicket as hasan mahmud scalps his second of the match. logan van beek is caught at deep by taskin ahmed. he departs for 2.
however, ackermann continues his fight as he charges down the ground and whacks the pacer for a boundary towards the cover region. ned: 86/7 (15 overs)
ban vs ned live score: ackermann completes 50
the action resumes after the brief stoppage due to rain.
colin ackermann is standing tall in the middle. he welcomes mosaddek hossain with a six, before passing the strike to his partner logan van beek.
he then goes to complete his half-century in the same over. he completes the milestone in 39 balls.
too much happening as hossain bowls a over waist level no ball. however, just one run comes off the free hit.
14 runs come off the over as netherlands move to 80/6 after 14 overs.
ban vs ned live score: rain stops play again
hasan mahmud cleans up tim pringle for 1. he was dropped at point earlier in the over. netherlands go 6 down with 66 on the board after 12.5 overs.
the game has stopped due to rain.

ban vs ned live score: shakib strikes
scott edwards sweeps it straight to hasan mahmud as shakib al hasan provides bangladesh with another breakthrough.
tim pringle is the new batter in. ned: 66/5 (12 overs)
ban vs ned live score: netherlands need 94 runs in 60 balls
we are at the halfway stage of the netherlands innings and they have reached 51-4. they now need 94 runs in 60 balls.
ban vs ned live score: netherlands rebuild
mustafizur rahman is introduced into the attack and he starts off with a four-run over.
scott edwards and colin ackermann are trying to rebuild the innings as the pair add 28 off 25 balls for the 5th wicket. ned: 43-4 (8 overs, need 102 runs in 72 balls)
ban vs ned live score: end of powerplay
hasan mahmud almost ends up with a wicket, but colin ackermann survives. yasir ali drops a catch at point, gets his hands but fails to grab it.
meanwhile, netherlands accumulate 32 runs after 6 overs.
ban vs ned live score: some relief for netherlands
some relief for netherlands as colin ackermann smashes consecutive boundaries against taskin ahmed. they reach 25/4 after 5 overs.
ban vs ned live score: netherlands lose momentum
shakib al hasan introduces himself into the attack and he is welcomed by max o'dowd with a six.
however, two run-outs in the same over shifts momentum entirely into bangladesh's favour.
o'dowd and tom cooper are the batters dismissed. ned: 17/4 after 4 overs
ban vs ned live score: taskin ahmed continues to spit fire
taskin ahmed continues to spit fire, making the netherlands batter look hapless. just one run come off his over as netherlands reach 6/2 after 3 overs.
ban vs ned live score: bangladesh respond strongly
two overs are done and bangladesh have reach 5/2 after two overs. colin ackermann and max o'dowd are batting in the middle.
ban vs ned live score: taskin ahmed is on fire
taskin ahmed is on fire. he strikes twice in consecutive deliveries as bangladesh get off to a dream start. bas de leede is caught behind on 0.
ban vs ned live score: bangladesh off to perfect start
taskin ahmed helps bangladesh get off to a perfect start as he strikes in the first ball. the ball takes the edge of vikramjit singh's bat and yasir ali takes a sharp catch at first slip.
ned: 0/1 (0.1 over)
ban vs ned live score: bangladesh post 144/8
mosaddek hossain delivers something to entertain the bangladesh supporters present at the stands. he hits bas de leede for a cracking six towards the cover region and attempts to hit another maximum in the following delivery. however, the ball fails to go the distance but the fielder fails to hold on to the ball.
bangladesh finish their 20 overs by adding 144/8 on the board. hossain returns unbeaten on 20 off 12 balls, which features two fours and one six.
ban vs ned live score: one over remains
fred klaassen strikes as bangladesh lose their 8th wicket. taskin ahmed departs without troubling the scorers.
bangladesh are batting at 134/8 after 19 overs

ban vs ned live score: out
bas de leede strikes as nurul hasan is caught at deep by van meekeren. he departs for 13(18).
mosaddek hossain, who is the new batter in the middle, kicks-off with a couple of boundaries.
meanwhile, there's another wicket and it is the big fish afif hossain, who is caught behind on 38(27)
ban vs ned live score: ban reach 120/5 in 17 overs
a deadly bouncer by paul van meekeren as it surprises afif hossain. the ball takes the edge and flies just over the keeper for a four. ban reach 120/5 in 17 overs.
ban vs ned live score: tim pringle drops afif hossain
tim pringle drops afif hossain off logan van beek's bowling. it was an easy opportunity, but the fielder at deep mid-wicket failed to hold on to it.
meanwhile, bangladesh reach 110/5 after 16 overs.
ban vs ned live score: rare boundary and a six in same over
afif hossain attacks spinner shariz ahmad and he hits him for a four and follows it with a six.
12 runs come off the over as ban reach 106/5 after 15 overs.
ban vs ned live score: bangladesh focus on strike rotation
as the boundaries dry up, the pair of nurul hasan and afif hossain are focusing in rotating the strike. they are trying to sneak three, or sometimes double, which is the ideal thing to do, considering the number of wickets they've lost.
bangladesh reach 94/5 after 14 overs.
ban vs ned live score: runs dry up
not just the boundaries, even the singles are drying up for bangladesh. they are batting at 79/5 after 12 overs.
ban vs ned live score: netherlands on top
paul van meekeren scalps his second wicket of the match. he cleans up yasir ali with a clinical yorker. bangladesh go five down with 76 runs on the board.
ban vs ned live score: action resumes
the action resumes after a seven-minute break. bangladesh reach 72/4 at the halfway stage.
ban vs ned live score: spoiler alert!
players leave the ground as there is a slight drizzle. ground staffs are coming in with the covers. lets keep our fingers crossed.
ban: 70/4 (9.3 overs)
ban vs ned live score: what a catch!
shakib al hasan departs as bas de leede grabs a stunner at the mid-wicket fence. it will be shariz ahmad's first wicket at the world cup.
meanwhile, bangladesh's struggle continues as they are reduced to 63/4 after 9.1 overs.
ban vs ned live score: bangladesh are crumbling
bangladesh are crumbling as they lose their 3rd wicket after a good start. litton das departs for 9(11) against logan van beek. he fails to handle the short ball and ends up playing it straight to tom cooper at mid-off.
ban vs ned live score: eight overs are done
eight overs are done and bangladesh have reached 57/2.
ban vs ned live score: do we see the momentum shifting?
tim pringle strikes in his first ball as bangladesh lose two wickets in two overs. this time it is shanto, who departs. he is caught at deep on 25(20).
shakib al hasan is the new batter in.
ban vs ned live score: end of powerplay
bangladesh accumulate 47 runs in the powerplay overs. they lose the wicket of soumya sarkar.
ban vs ned live score: out
bangladesh lose their first wicket in the final over of the powerplay. paul van meekeren provides netherlands with the first breakthrough as soumya sarkar departs for 14(14).
ban vs ned live score: shanto takes charge
najmul hossain shanto is taking the charge and he repeats the same against fred klaassen. he starts the over with two cracking fours as 10 runs come off it. bangladesh move to 43/0 after 5 overs.
ban vs ned live score: back to back boundaries
back to back boundaries by najmul hossain shanto against bas de leede. 14 runs come off the over as bangladesh reach 33/0 after 4 overs.
ban vs ned live score: bangladesh search for boundaries
paul van meekeren comes to bowl the third over and concedes just three runs. but the good news for bangladesh is their openers are trying to find the boundaries and are timing the ball well. ban: 19/0 (3 overs)
ban vs ned live score: netherlands introduce spin
netherlands introduce spin and get colin ackermann into the attack in the second over. decent start for him as he concedes just four runs in his over. ban: 16/0 (2 overs)
ban vs ned live score: good start by bangladesh
fred klaassen is generating some movement and bangladesh batters need to be careful. despite the movement, soumya sarkar manages to score two boundaries in the over as 12 runs come off it.

ban vs ned live score: here we go!
bangladesh openers najmul hossain shanto and soumya sarkar arrive in the middle to kick-off the proceedings. fred klaassen will lead the attack for netherlands.
ban vs ned live score: action to start shortly
we are done with the pre-match rituals and the action will get underway shortly.
ban vs ned live score: shakib al hasan at toss
“our fast bowling group has been doing really well, they have improved a lot. apart from my performance, how i guide the team will be really important since we've got many youngsters in this team.”
ban vs ned live score: update on roelof van der merwe
roelof van der merwe is not part of the contest and skipper scott edwards confirms that he is still recovering.
bangladesh vs netherlands live score: playing xis
bangladesh: najmul hossain shanto, soumya sarkar, litton das, shakib al hasan(c), afif hossain, yasir ali, nurul hasan(w), mosaddek hossain, taskin ahmed, mustafizur rahman, hasan mahmud
netherlands: max odowd, vikramjit singh, bas de leede, colin ackermann, tom cooper, scott edwards(w/c), tim pringle, logan van beek, shariz ahmad, fred klaassen, paul van meekeren
bangladesh vs netherlands live score: netherlands win toss
netherlands win toss, opt to bowl first.
bangladesh vs netherlands live score: pitch report
pitch report by ian bishop: “60 and 66 mts square boundaries. don't see anything that'll scare the batters. it should be a genuine, well paced surface with a bit of swing on offer.”
bangladesh vs netherlands live score: a look at ban's recent form
since the super 12 stage of the previous edition of the t20 world cup, bangladesh have only managed two wins and lost 19 matches.

bangladesh vs netherlands live: squads
bangladesh: najmul hossain shanto, soumya sarkar, litton das, shakib al hasan(c), afif hossain, yasir ali, nurul hasan(w), mosaddek hossain, mehidy hasan miraz, taskin ahmed, shoriful islam, mustafizur rahman, hasan mahmud, nasum ahmed, ebadot hossain
netherlands: max odowd, vikramjit singh, bas de leede, colin ackermann, tom cooper, scott edwards(w/c), tim pringle, timm van der gugten, fred klaassen, paul van meekeren, roelof van der merwe, stephan myburgh, logan van beek, teja nidamanuru, brandon glover, shariz ahmad
bangladesh vs netherlands: hello and welcome!
hello and welcome to the live coverage of the super 12 encounter between bangladesh and netherlands. the match is being played at bellerive oval in hobart and will start at 09:30 am ist. the toss will be taking place shortly. stay tuned for live updates!
