twitter-on-fire-after-suresh-raina-s-arshdeep-singh-will-dismiss-babar-azam-prediction-comes-true-during-india-vs-pakistan-t20-world-cup-tie-101666513345998.
playing in his debut t20 world cup match, in a high-octane game against pakistan, at the iconic melbourne cricket ground, arshdeep singh showed no signs of nerves and rather scripted a dream start for himself and perfect one for team india as he dismissed both the pakistan openers inside the powerplay. however, moments after the dismissal of babar azam, former india cricketer suresh raina was trending along with arshdeep on social media. (india vs pakistan live score t20 world cup 2022)
after a perfect first over from bhuvneshwar kumar, who conceded just a single of a wide ball, arshdeep struck in his very first ball in the next over with a beautiful inswinger. it was a length ball on middle as babar looked to work itr across the line, but was beaten by the pace as the ball hits plumb on his pads in line with the leg stump.
babar opted for a review, but there was no escape for the pakistan captain as the ball was pitching in line, impact was in line and crashed onto the leg stumps.
moments after the dismissal of babar for golden duck, twitter erupted with posts on raina. but why?
also read: watch: rohit sharma's unique team announcement during india vs pakistan toss evokes chuckle from shastri, babar follows
two days before the match, raina, in an interview with quint, had predicted that arshdeep would dismiss babar in the mcg game. he had said, “he is good skipper and a really good cricketer. he has done really well for his team. but hopefully, when he comes to play against us, arshdeep singh will get him out.”
here is how twitter reacted…
arshdeep will removed babarazam——-“suresh raina”.and he did this on his first ball of his first over in t20 world cup. against pakistan#pakvsind #indvspak #t20worldcup
suresh raina was right
suresh raina was spot on! arshdeep singh dislodged babar azam as he had predicted. #indvpak #t20wc2022
suresh raina belike:#indvpak #t20worldcup pic.twitter.com/bqzh7rattk
in his next over, he dismiss mohammad rizwan for 4 off 12 with a short and quick delivery. rizwan hurriedly pulled it straight to bhuvneshwar at fine leg. arshdeep ended powerplay with 2 for 10.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
