watch-rohit-sharma-s-spine-chilling-reaction-during-india-s-national-anthem-against-pakistan-sets-t20-world-cup-alight-101666512068943.
the stage is set as india take on pakistan in the super 12 encounter of the t20 world cup in melbourne on sunday. as both the teams walked out for the national anthem, the packed melbourne cricket ground erupted in loud roar, thus setting a perfect atmosphere for the much-anticipated clash. leading india in a world cup is a matter of pride for every captain and it seemed as if the occasions got a little overwhelming for skipper rohit sharma. rohit, leading india for the first time in a world cup, was an emotional wreck when the indian national anthem took over the mcg.
(follow: india vs pakistan live score t20 world cup 2022)
rohit started the anthem with a smile but towards the end, appeared as if he would break down. the visuals of rohit singing the national anthem with his eyes closed took the internet by storm. and as the anthem included, the india captain opened his eyes, looked towards the skies and let it all sink in. the reaction by the indian captain painted a perfect picture of the emotions running through his mind and it took no time to viral on the internet.
here is the video:
it's a cry of happiness and a great honour. 🐐 @imro45 🥺❤️ !!pic.twitter.com/zmnbnmftrm
that last reaction of rohit sharma after the national anthem have my heart.😍😍
rohit who is the only active player to have featured for india in all t20i world cups so far, won the toss against babar azam and opted to field, a decision, which looks going into india's favour as pakistan lost their captain in the second over bowled by arshdeep singh. the left-arm quick rapped babar on the pads and even though the pakistan captain took the review, he had to depart as the ball tracking showed three reds.
arshdeep gave india a second success soon after as in his next over, he dismissed the in-form muhammad rizwan. the pakistan wicketkeeper batter enjoyed a bit of a lifeline as he top edged a delivery but lived as the ball dropped about just an inch in front of a diving virat kohli. however, rizwan's luck ran out as he top edged arshdeep to deep fine leg, where bhuvneshwar completed a sharp catch.
"looks like a good pitch, it's always nice to bowl with overcast conditions. think the ball will swing around a bit, and we need to take its advantage. preparations have been good. we played a couple of practice games in brisbane. time to come out and enjoy ourselves now. we were expecting nothing less than this, hopefully we'll entertain them (the crowd). we have seven batters, three seamers and two spinners," the indian captain said during the toss.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
