india-vs-pakistan-live-score-t20-world-cup-2022-ind-vs-pak-match-today-latest-scorecard-at-mebourne-cricket-ground-mcg-101666499690282.

india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 highlights: a classic virat kohli innings led india to a sensational win over pakistan. kohli almost single-handedly led india to victory despite them losing their top four within the first seven overs. the former india captain was unbeaten on 82 off 53 balls but at the non-striker's end for the last ball, off which india needed one run to win. it was r ashwin who hit the ball over the in-field, sparking wild celebrations as the indian players swamped kohli.

follow all the updates here:
india vs pakistan live score: what a start for india!
well just to conclude this game, an indian world cup debutant and an all-rounder who has got past career-threatening injuries took three wickets each. a pakistan player who was flat on the ground after being hit by a shot in the nets two days ago stood strong while the rest of his team fell around him. then the pakistan pace attack were as lethal as ever after which, an all-time great who had to prove himself once again this year, played an innings of a lifetime to take india to a win. what a start for india, what a start for the t20 world cup itself. that's it from us for now, i take leave hoping to see at least one more match in this tournament that would be half as thrilling as this one. ciao!
ind vs pak live score: rohit sharma speaks
"i have no voice left. we were always wanting to make sure we stayed in the game as long as possible. we've been talking constantly about it. no matter what the situation, you've got to believe you can pull through, and that partnership changed the game for us. there was good carry, good swing as well, and we utilised that well up front. that was good to see from the bowling perspective. they batted well in the middle. we knew it would not be an easy target on that pitch. we knew we would have to bat out of our skins. virat and hardik are experienced guys. staying calm and taking it as deep as possible was critical, and they did that. it's good for our confidence to get off the mark in our first game, and the way we won is more pleasing for us, the way we came back. hats off to virat. it has to go off as not one of his best, but the best innings he has played for india. thanks to everyone who came out and supported us, and i will expect nothing less wherever we travel in australia."
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: here is babar azam
“our bowlers bowled really well. all credit to kohli and pandya. it wasn't easy with the new ball. we had partnerships after 10 overs. we had a chance. we tried to stick to our plans. but credit to virat kohli. in the middle we decided we wanted a wicket and held the spinner back. we had a lot of positives. the way iftikhar played and the way shan played.”
ind vs pak live score: some stats
the 113-run stand between kohli and pandya is the highest for india against pakistan in t20is for any wicket. 48 runs were scored in the last three overs, which is the joint most in a chase in a t20 world cup. kohli and india have announced their arrival in this tournament in an utterly sensational manner.
india vs pakistan live score: kohli talks, finally
"well, it's a surreal atmosphere. i honestly have no words. i have no idea how that happened. hardik kept telling me, just believe we can stay till the end. i'm lost for words. well, i think when shaheen bowled from the pavilion end, i told hardik we have to take him down. the calculation was simple. nawaz had one over to bowl, so if i could take haris down, they would panic. it came down to 16 off 6. i'm kind of lost for words. [on the two sixes off rauf:] it's just instinctively i saw it, told myself to stay still. the one at long-on was unexpected, it was a back-of-a-length slower ball. the fine leg one, i just threw my bat at it. till today i said mohali was my best t20 innings. then i got 82 off 52, today i got 82 off 53. both are just as special. all these months when i was struggling, you guys [the crowd] kept me going. thank you so much."
ind vs pak live score: kohli - india's best
here he is, talking to his former head coach ravi shastri. he cannot speak, no one can hear themselves speak here. let's see what he says when he can. for now, let's just acknowledge what he has done here. just a few months ago, there was serious discussions over whether kohli deserved to be in the squad. well, there can never be any conversations like that for the next five years now. an extraordinary knock, a reminder of the genius that he always has been.
india vs pakistan live score: ashwin clears the field! india win by four wickets!
stop ashwin and kohli at your own peril. they are roaring, screaming, the indian players stream onto the field like they have won the world cup itself. the mcg has gone bonkers! one of the greatest matches in the history of the t20 world cup has ended in india's favour. kohli, the man who has led india to so many victories, looks like he is cherishing this one more than any of the others.
ind vs pak live score: wide! scores level!
ashwin did what dk didn't. he just leaves the ball, which is something dk could have done because it was a similar delivery. india need one off one. yikes!
india vs pakistan live score: stumping! dk is gone!
the umpires have gone upstairs but karthik has walked off. nawaz goes down the leg side, dk tries to sweep, ball hits his pads and rizwan is quick to collect the ball and hit the stumps. ashwin on strike, india need two to win off one.
ind vs pak live score: batters run three!
now then, a bit of confusion. nawaz had bowled kohli over but it is a free hit, the batters run three but the pakistan fielders ask if the runs stand because the ball had hit the stumps. umpires say yes, that is the case, india need 2 to win off 2 balls. cricket, goodness me. incredible scenes at the 'g.
india vs pakistan live score: wide, india need 5 to win off 3
the mcg is roaring like kohli has hit the biggest six of all time. he can still, you know, india are inches away from a famous win.
ind vs pak live score: six off a no-ball! india need 6 to win off 3
full toss again from nawaz and kohli pulls it beyond the boundary. the umpire signals no ball as well. double whammy here and india now need six to win off three balls. oh this match is not for the faint-hearted.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: two off the third
kohli goes down the ground and the two batters dash around for two runs. karthik, 37, comes sprinting back and puts in a dive.
ind vs pak live score: single off the second
chest high full toss from nawaz, karthik can't get it away, kohli is on strike. here we go.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: out! pandya is gone!
pandya skies it and babar catches it. the new batter is on strike. dinesh karthik, the comeback king, walks in. india still in it but that is exactly the start pakistan needed in this over.
pandya c babar azam b mohammad nawaz 40 (37), india 144/5 in 19.1 overs
ind vs pak live score: six again! india need 16 to win off the last over!
rauf angles into the stumps, kohli flicks it and the mcg explodes. what a shot that is, what an innings this is from the former india captain. india within three hits now but pandya who is struggling a bit is on strike. mohammad nawaz has the ball in hand, here we go.
india vs pakistan live score: six! a hit for the ages from kohli!
oh that is a contender for shot of the tournament. slow one into the pitch from rauf, kohli stands tall and sends it over the bowler's head beyond the boundary. sensational shot.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: 100-run stand off 75 balls
but india won't really care about that at the moment, they have made just two off the first three balls. pandya on strike and completely misses a wild swing off a short ball.
ind vs pak live score: four! kohli turning it on!
india 129/4, need 31 to win off 12. kohli pulls afridi fine and india have 17 from the 18th. kohli has reached 57 off 46. now comes to the bogeyman, haris rauf, to bowl the all-important second last over.
india vs pakistan live score: four!
kohli goes over cover and the ball snails its way to the boundary after landing. three fielders chasing it but it touches the ropes before they can get there. this is fantastic from kohli, india see some light now.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: four! 50 for kohli
oh what a shot that is. short from afridi, kohli pulls to the boundary and brings up his half century in 43 balls.
ind vs pak live score: india starved of boundaries
five balls have gone in the 17th and just four runs have come off it, two singles and a double. these do nothing for india.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: just 6 runs off the 16th over
india need 54 to win off 24. and haris will bowl six off those remaining balls. three of those runs in this over came because of a wide. slowly drifting away from india at the moment.
ind vs pak live score: haris returns for 16th
here is the danger man, he has two overs left and he has already taken two wickets. india are very much the underdogs in this chase at the moment, they have just five wickets left, not much batting after dk and need 60 to win off 30.
india vs pakistan live score: four! very nice from kohli
kohli comes out, naseem looks to cramp him for room, kohli just clips it leg side for a boundary. excellent batting this and kohli moves to 41 off 36.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: india need 70 to win off 36
both kohli and pandya are in, partnership between them is 60 off 47. if these two can keep this going for two more overs, pakistan will be very worried indeed.
ind vs pak live score: four! kohli on the charge now
first ball of the 14th is short and wide, kohli manages to find the gap between extra-cover and cover point to get another four.
india vs pakistan live score: four! kohli brings up the 50 partnership!
afridi vs kohli, the fourth ball of the 13th is back of a length and kohli clips it away for his first four. india on the attack now.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: six! 3 sixes in the over!
india 74/4 in 12 overs. what an over that has turned out ton be for india. pandya powers the last ball of that over above long-on and that makes it 20 off it. babar brings afridi back early now.
ind vs pak live score: six! kohli dances out of his crease!
this time both india and the player needed it. kohli was on 15 off 24, pakistan had just reviewed a catch appeal against him that came to nothing. kohli then dances down the track to nawaz's fourth ball of the over and sends the ball over the bowler's head. this is turning out to be a good over for india.
india vs pakistan live score: six! pandya hits india's first maximum
first ball of the 12th, pandya makes some room and slogs nawaz over deep midwicket for the first six of the indian innings. pandya getting a move on and don't india need that.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: 9 off the 11th
singles off the three balls after the boundary and then a double off the last ball. kohli unable to get it to these long boundaries.
ind vs pak live score: four!
much needed for india, pandya hits shadab down the ground along the ground for a boundary.
india vs pakistan live score: 10 overs gone, india 45/4
so far, so steady from pandya and kohli. no shots of authority yet, though and they would know that they have to get a move on to avoid coming under too much pressure in about an over and a half. india have been firmly on the backfoot in these first 10 overs. only suryakumar yadav has been the only ones who played any kind of shots of intent thus far which is quite alarming for india.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: kohli and pandya
it really is down to these two now. dinesh karthik will be left with way too much to do and you can say the same and more for r ashwin. for now, they both look calm and collected and have taken india to 41/4 in 9 overs.
ind vs pak live score: india 33/4 in 7 overs
wow, who could have foreseen this. india have been all over the pace and the pakistan pacers are absolutely breathing fire. that
india vs pakistan live score: mix-up and gone! india committing hara-kiri
axar patel sets off for a single that is never there and is run out despite a fumble from babar before throwing the ball at the striker's end.
axar patel run out (babar azam/mohammad rizwan) 2 (3), india 31/4 in 6.1 overs
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: end of powerplay, india 31/3
well if india dominated the pakistan powerplay, the latter have arguably done a better job of it. axar patel now in the middle with kohli and this chase has already become an uphill struggle for them.
ind vs pak live score: out! it's sky!
back of a length, cramps suryakumar for room who tries to ramp it and fails. he edges it behind and rahul is over the moon. the super dangerous suryakumar goes and india are three down.
suryakumar yadav c mohammad rizwan b haris rauf 15 (10), india 26/3 in 5.3 overs
india vs pakistan live score: four! sky starts off in style
perfect timing from the man in form and he sends the first ball he faces past haris rauf for a four. this partersnhip has won india a lot of matches in the recent past and pakistan would want to break it as soon as possible.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: gone is it? rohit sharma is walking!
tentative poke from rohit off haris rauf. well quite strange here. it looks like the ball has carried to slip and pakistan celebrate, rohit walks off. it is just as he does so that the third umpire's voice goes around the stadium that the on-field have gone uptstairs. it seems rohit had been asked to wait but the indian captain just walks off, he knows he is out and replays show that he was right.
ind vs pak live score: virat kohli is in
a wave of noise around the ground from both india and pakistan fans as the superstar walks in. he steers the first ball he faced to point and india are 7/1 in 2 overs.
india vs pakistan live score: gone! rahul plays on!
just short of a length from naseem, rahul trying to open the face of the bat and play it fine but the ball rushes on to him and he gets an inside edge on it. the ball ricochets to the wickets and that is the end for him.
rahul b naseem shah 4 (8), india 7/1 in 1.5 overs
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: india 5/0 after 1 over
india looking much more in control than pakistan did in their first over. now naseem shah comes in for the second over.
ind vs pak live score: rahul off the mark
inside to deep fine leg allows rahul to get off strike and he has a run to his name. some delay after that as rohit asks for some placards behind the sight screen to be removed.
india vs pakistan live score: they are back!
kl rahul taking strike, rohit sharma at the other end. shaheen afridi has the ball in his hands, india need 160 to win. you can cut the tension with a knife here.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: stat alert!
the last time india failed to successfully chase down a target under 170 in a complete 20-over t20i was against new zealand in nagpur in wt20 2016. pakistan did buck a trend that went back to 1992 to win the last t20 world cup match played between these two sides. they will have to do something similar today.
ind vs pak live score: here is arshdeep!
"i just wanted to enjoy the moment. i guess it'll never come again, so i just wanted to enjoy myself and have fun. we wanted to make use of the long square boundaries, so the plan was to hit the wickets and the pads. i guess we'll do our best and chase this down."
india vs pakistan live score: pakistan 159/8 in 20 overs
all in all, it has ended becoming a good recovery from pakistan. some sloppy work in the field off the last ball from india, rauf misses but they run anyway. dk throws it at the striker's end but misses, then bhuvi throws it at the non-striker's end and misses. the second throw allows pakistan to take a second run. whan an entertaining innings this was.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: six!
bhuvneshwar misses the leg stump yorker, haris rauf clears his front leg and sends the ball over the square leg boundary.
ind vs pak live score: out! afridi hits it back to bhuvi!
easy catch back to bhuvneshwar and afridi is not too happy with himself for that. he has played a useful hand here.
shaheen afridi c & b bhuvneshwar 16 (8), pakistan 151/8 off 19.2 overs
india vs pakistan live score: pakistan 149/7 in 19 overs
into the last over and those lusty blows from afridi has done wonders for pakistan. 14 runs off the 19th and so arshdeep's fine debut dented slightly. bhuvi comes back for the final over, this is where the indian veteran has had issues.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: four! afridi taking it on!
arshdeep tries the yorker next ball, can't quite get it, afridi steps down and sends the ball careening past the bowler.
ind vs pak live score: six! afridi special!
nope, it's not shahid afridi, it indeed is shaheen! a pull shot of the highest order and the ball is sent flying into the stands.
india vs pakistan live score: 50 for shan masood
the importance of this innings cannot be stressed enough. he has held strong while his teammates fell around him. additionally, it is just brilliant to see him play like this after seeing him on the ground in that video from nets after his sickening blow. fantastic stuff from masood.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: pakistan 135/7 in 18 overs
into the last two overs now. arshdeep singh returns for his final over. can he make it four or more on debut, which is already the stuff of dreams one would say.
ind vs pak live score: four! wonderful shot from masood
full and angling into the stumps and this time, masood clips it nicely past mid-on for a boundary.
india vs pakistan live score: four! lucky one but pakistan will take it
full, angling into the right hander and masood makes room trying to play it on the onside. gets an edge to it and the ball dashes behind for a boundary.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: pakistan 125/7 in 17 overs
shan masood (remember him?) is still around. he has seen team mates come and go at the other end in these last 10 overs and he is on 40 off 34. he is on strike now at the start of the 18th over and shami has the ball in his hands and he needs to get going now, lest it become a hopeless one for pakistan.
ind vs pak live score: gone! brute from arshdeep!
oh bouncer from hell that comes from nowhere, asif looking to duck but it doesn't really bounce as much, the bat is raised has protection, ball takes the edge and it is an easy catch for dk. third wicket for him on world cup debut.
asif ali c karthik b arshdeep singh 2 (3), pakistan 120/7 in 16.4 overs
india vs pakistan live score: out! that's pandya's third now!
edged and gone! muted celebration so it took a couple for the multitudes at the mcg to understand what has happened. pandya bowls short of a length in to nawaz's body, who tries to make room again but can't quite get enough, gets a slight top edge to karthik.
nawaz c karthik b pandya 9 (6), pakistan 115/6 in 15.5 overs
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: four!
short from pandya, nawaz makes room and gets under the ball to send it to the boundary. fantastic shot and they now move to 111/5 in 15.2.
ind vs pak live score: into the last five overs, pakistan 106/5
quite a sensational over there from ashwin. there were probably one and a half catching chances there. the first one came to nothing because masood's shot hit the spider cam and was declared a dead ball, leaving rohit pretty unhappy because he was gone for all money otherwise. masood then hits the next one straight back to ashwin who does well to get a hand to it.
india vs pakistan live score: gone! 2nd of the over for pandya!
what are pakistan doing! they have gone from being in a strong position to being rickety once again. haider ali goes hard but miscues that shot completely, suryakumar in play once again and makes no mistake with that catch.
haider ali c suryakumar b pandya 2 (4), pakistan 98/5 in 14 overs
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: out! pandya strikes now
angling in from pandya, shadab takes it on and sends soaring into the sky. sky keeps his eyes on it and makes no mistake in pouching it.
shadab khan c suryakumar b pandya 5 (6), pakistan 96/4 in 13.2 overs
ind vs pak live score: out! shami gets iftikhar!
oh sensation delivery from shami and that will be the end for iftikhar. full and quick surprises iftikhar and it raps him full on the pads.
iftikhar ahmed lbw b mohammed shami 51 (34), pakistan 91/3 in 12.2 overs
india vs pakistan live score: 50 for iftikhar! pakistan 91/2 in 12 overs
it has come in 32 balls and he is on 51 at the end of the 12th. the tables have turned and it has been turned by iftikhar in these last two overs.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: back to back sixes!
a dot ball after that first six and then two go downtown. the first one clears the fence with ease but the second one brings in some acrobatics at the ropes. rahul thinks he is in play at long off, tries to palm the ball back inside the ropes in the air but doesn't quite manage that. extraordinary cricket from iftikhar.
ind vs pak live score: six! iftikhar accelarating!
axar brought in now and his first ball has disappeared. iftikhar clears his front foot and slog sweeps over wide long on.
india vs pakistan live score: six! iftikhar with the first of the day!
we are at the 'g allright when the first six comes in the 12th over. steps out to a flat offbreak from ashwin and sends it soaring downtown. he takes on the longer boundary and crosses it with aplomb. 50 partnership between these two.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: iftikhar gets a lifeline!
well that will go down as a drop at cover from rohit sharma but it would have been a contender for catch of the tournament had that stuck.
ind vs pak live score: 10 overs gone, pakistan 60/2
masood is on 29 off 26 balls, iftikhar on 21 off 21. bhuvi has just one more over left so we might not see him till the last four overs now that pakistan have got through the first 10 overs with just two wickets gone. arshdeep, shami and pandya all have two overs left while ashwin has bowled just one. axar is yet to bowl and he won't be bowling the 11th, ashwin comes back for his second.
india vs pakistan live score: four!
iftikhar gets it through the gap between deep third and deep backward point. partnership gets into the 40s now.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: 50 up for pakistan!
six runs off the ninth over bowled by ashwin, making it the first over of spin in this match. no boundaries but masood did skip down the track and tried going inside out over cover. they could just take two runs off it though.
ind vs pak live score: pakistan 44/2 in 8 overs
a semblance of stability now for pakistan with masood and iftikhar putting on 30m runs for the third wicket.
india vs pakistan live score: dismissal reversed!
well a brilliant catch is what it seemed at the time but replays show that the ball hat hit the ground first. masood pulls a bouncer from shami, ashwin comes running in from fine leg and puts in a dive. india celebrate, masood stands his ground and the umpires send it upstairs with a soft signal of out. however, the third umpire found enough reason to reverse that, don't see that often. but it was arguably the right decision, masood survives.
ind vs pak live score: four! pakistan 41/2 after 7 overs
145kph bouncer from pandya, masood goes for a pull and can only top edge it. but there is no fielder in the fine leg area now so that goes for a boundary. masood on 24 off 20 and pakistan desperately need him to hold on. that might just be the fastest ball of the match.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: run out query!
hardik pandya bowling the seventh over and he does brilliantly off the fourth ball to collect the ball and hit the stumps at the striker's end. masood tries to tuck it away fine, ends up hitting the ball forward and there are no fielders close in so sets off for the run. pandya is swift as lighting as he gets to the ball and smashes the stumps with it. replays, however, show that masood got back in time.
ind vs pak live score: end of powerplay, pakistan 32/2
that shami over went for eight runs and the batters weren't too threatened through the course of it. but this has very much been india's powerplay. pakistan going at a run rate of 5.33 at the moment.
india vs pakistan live score: four!
shami sends it wide outside off and masood nails the back cut. the ball doesn't really have any opposition as it runs away to the boundary, good placement of the shot.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: here is shami!
mohammed shami bowls his first over in t20i cricket since the last t20 world cup. he came in as a replacement for jasprit bumrah, is probably the most experienced bowler in this lineup in international cricket overall, and he can have at a batting lineup that is not too used to a situation where neither rizwan nor babar are around before even the powerplay ends.
ind vs pak live score: four!
iftikhar hits a tennis forehand-style shot to send bhuvneshwar to the mid-on boundary. goodish over at last for pakistan, nine has come off it and they are 24/2 after five overs.
india vs pakistan live score: gone! now arshdeep gets rizwan!
this is champagne stuff from arshdeep. first real bouncer he has gone for, bangs it in short, rizwan tries to pull but only gets a top edge to fine leg.
rizwan c bhuvneshwar b arshdeep 4 (12), pakistan 15/2 in 4 overs
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: close one for rizwan!
rizwan chips one up off arshdeep off the fifth ball of the third over, kohli comes running in, puts in the dive but it falls just short of him.
ind vs pak live score: four! masood clips it away at last
much needed for pakistan. arshdeep angling it into masood and the batter cashes in on this easy one. clips it away for his first boundary.
india vs pakistan live score: bhuvi, the sultan of swing!
pakistan 7/1 in 2.2 overs. bhuvneshwar is making that white cherry swing around corners. he cut masood in half with the second delivery and then swings it into the left hander with an almost pin-point yorker. absolutely sensational stuff from india's opening bowlers.
ind vs pak live score: run out chance missed!
by virat kohli of all people, india's best fielder with ravindra jadeja not being around. shan masood, who is playing by the way, having recovered from that injury, goes for a single that is simply not there. kohli collects the ball and had an easy direct hit there, masood was gone even if the former india's skipper ran to the stumps with the ball. but kohli throughs under armed and misses.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: out! babar golden duck!
how about it. arshdeep singh's first ball in any kind of world cup and he gets babar azam with it.
babar azam lbw b arshdeep singh 0 (1), pakistan 1/1 in 1.1 overs
ind vs pak live score: babar gone first ball?
lbw appeal from arshdeep first ball, babar looked plumb and umpire has given it. babar takes the drs.
india vs pakistan live score: what a first over
just one run from it, that too because of a wide that dinesh karthik did well to hold on to and not go for more. brilliant start for india.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: movement and bounce!
rizwan is in some pain after the second ball. he leaves the first ball that goes away from him, the second one then rushes on to him and raps him on the gloves. immediately puts down his bats, removes his right glove and rubs the hand on the ground. the physio is out. he is the wicketkeeper as well so not a pretty sight for pakistan.
ind vs pak live score: the players walk out
mohammad rizwan facing up, babar azam at the other end for pakistan. bhuvneshwar kumar with the ball in his hands for india. here we go then!
india vs pakistan live score: rohit sharma is feeling it
rohit sharma closes his eyes and smiles and grimaces as the indian fans blare out the last part of the national anthem. the noise must be painful and magical at the same time and the indian captain seemed to feel it all. he had a smile on his face throughout the time that the national anthem was being played.
ind vs pak live score: the national anthems
up first is pakistan's ‘qaumi taranah’ and that is followed up by india's ‘jana gana mana’. the two teams are standing shoulder to shoulder with their flags unfurled behind them alongwith the banner of the t20 world cup. soak it all in.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: the blue and green sea
the mcg is a sight to behold as the officials lead the players out with their mascot kids for the national anthems. this is a festival of cricket allright, the t20 world cup is well and truly here.
ind vs pak live score: here is what hardik pandya said
“have many fond memories here, i made my t20i debut in australia, and from there the journey has continued. it's good to be back here, you can't get a better place to play sport and enjoy. the body is fine, i think you should put that topic about my body on rest, you will see me bowling. we are playing international cricket, it's not only about pakistan bowlers. any team which is playing will have quality bowing at this level, international cricket has certain standards. so we all are aware about it and as a batting unit we have had a word about it. we have worked very hard to come here. the team that plays well, wins the contest.”
india vs pakistan live score: dinesh karthik, the comeback king
just keep the conversations about whether he deserves to play ahead of rishabh pant to one side and consider this. dk had become such an important part of the sky commentary team last year during india's tour of england that many had started to think that he has retired from the sport. he was quite far away from even being considered for india selection. then came his almost bizarrely good performances for rcb in ipl 2022 down the order and now, the man who made his international debut all the way back in september 2004, might just become the team's x-factor in an icc tournament being played in 2022 in a format that was not even around when he had started out. extraordinary.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: no.1 vs no.2
rizwan is the top-ranked t20i batter in the world at the moment, suryakumar is second. both players approach innings in contrasting fashions. rizwan is conservative at best, some may say a bit too slow for his own good many a times. sky, on the other hand, likes to go bang bang from the beginning and has succeeded with that approach more often than not this year.
ind vs pak live score: pandya will bowl today
the all-rounder says that questions over his fitness should now be put to rest. as stated before, he had that strapping on his right knee but it seems that is not a problem at all for him. it seems the strapping and slight limp was because he had inside-edged a shardul thakur delivery on to his knee right at the end of yesterday's nets.
india vs pakistan live score: pakistan xi
babar azam(c), mohammad rizwan(w), shan masood, haider ali, mohammad nawaz, shadab khan, iftikhar ahmed, asif ali, shaheen afridi, haris rauf, naseem shah
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: india xi
rohit sharma(c), kl rahul, virat kohli, suryakumar yadav, hardik pandya, dinesh karthik(w), axar patel, ravichandran ashwin, bhuvneshwar kumar, mohammed shami, arshdeep singh
ind vs pak live score: babar azam's thoughts
toss is not in our hands. we'll try to post around 160-170. we have prepared well, and we are ready for this big game. we won a series back home, we played a tri-series in new zealand, so we are prepared. we have three fast bowlers and two spinners.
india vs pakistan live score: what rohit sharma said
“we are going to field first. looks like a good pitch, it's always nice with overcast conditions. think the ball will swing around a bit. preparations have been good. we played a couple of practice games in brisbane. time to come out and enjoy ourselves. we were expecting nothing less than this, hopefully we'll entertain them. we have seven batters, three seamers and two spinners.”
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: india win the toss…
rohit sharma has chosen to field first. “we have seven batters, three seamers and two spinners,” he says amid the utter din at the 'g.
ind vs pak live score: toss time!
that coin has been wiped clean, babar and rohit are in the middle and ravi shastri is making his voice boom around the mcg
india vs pakistan live score: ticking down
well the rock is giving a preview of the match as star sports role their video for it, and it ends with his trademark eyebrow raise. now that is not something fans of the wwe's attitude era in india or pakistan would have dreamed of seeing back when sourav ganguly and inzamam-ul-haq were leading these two teams in big test matches.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: virat kohli, the big show
dropping virat kohli was a ludicrous thing to even think about for much of the last 10 odd years but that is exactly what everyone was talking about before the asia cup. the former india skipper's strike rate had fallen to an alarming extent and the likes of deepak hooda were banging on the door with a century. however, kohli seems to have got back to his best and somehow, it is with him at the other end that suryakumar yadav seems to be at his ballistic best. india have got a formidable batting lineup at the moment to say the least.
ind vs pak live score: the pitch report
the incomparable ian smith and former aussie captain michael clarke are doing the pitch report today. shorted boundary on the offside itself is 71m long. “win the toss, i wanna bat first,” says michael clarke. he did win a world cup here so he might know what he is talking about.
india vs pakistan live score: how can sky fall?
surya, suryakumar, suryakumar yadav, sky… he goes by loads of names and nowadays, he has also been bestowed the tag of ‘best player in the world’ by many former players. babar azam, however, was careful not let anyone think that pakistan were too worried about sky. “we have plans for each player, not just surya. we have a plan and hopefully, we can execute them properly,” babar said on the eve of the match.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: rohit sharma, the newbie
it is strange to think of rohit sharma as a newbie to anything but that is technically what he is here. rohit maybe the most successful ipl captain of all time and has also led india to the asia cup title once but this is the first time he is skipper of the team in a world cup tournament. for now, he doesn't seem too enthused by how the pitch looks.
ind vs pak live score: gavaskar on how to take on afridi
“flick or drive him towards onside,” says the batting great on star sports. one has to remember that this time, there will be naseem shah to alternate with afridi, which only makes this pakistan attack more potent.
india vs pakistan live score: who is in and who is out
the players are out there training and looking at them is always indicator of who is going to play and who isn't. rishabh pant isn't too active at the moment and so there is a very good chance that he won't be in the middle today. ravichandran ashwin, on the other hand, is rolling his arms over so it looks like rohit sharma has gone with him ahead of yuzvendra chahal.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: crowd watch
well the stadium is already so noisy that it is playing games with the sound feed of the broadcasters. when does the match start you ask, just under an hour from now.
ind vs pak live score: the pitch?
not an official pitch report but irfan pathan just said off hand that the pitch looks quite grassy. the two asia cup thrillers this year were produced on pitches that helped the fast bowlers so let's hope we see more of that today.
india vs pakistan live score: shaheen shah ‘shahenshah’ afridi
indian fans will probably never forget that first over that shaheen afridi bowled against them last year. this is how he explained how he got those wickets of kl rahul and rohit sharma. “i had observed that rohit sharma struggles against the inswing, at that yorker length. in 2021, most of my dismissals were with that length. so i thought to myself, if that's my strength why not use it against him in the first ball that bowl to him. for kl rahul, i happened to be standing with shoaib malik. he asked me if the ball was swinging, and i said, not much. he asked me to not try the yorker ball but the length ball and it might just nip back in. i tried it and that's exactly what happened. i owe that wicket to shoaib malik.”
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: the stats that matter
there have been 11 t20i matches between these two asian giants. india have won eight and pakistan have won three. in the t20 world cup, they have played six and five have been won by india. however, the last match, as stated before, was a convincing win for pakistan to say the least.
ind vs pak live score: the great asia cup mess
bcci secretary jay shah thought that this is the best time to announce that india won't be travelling to pakistan for next year's asia cup and won't play in the tournament unless it is relocated. incidentally, he was the president of the asian cricket council when the tournament was awarded to pakistan. it led to a lot of angry reactions from ex-pakistani cricketers and is bound to play some role in today's narrative. among indians, it is only captain rohit sharma who has said anything, stating that it is pretty useless to talk about this in a press conference before the match and that the players will play wherever the bcci tells them to.
india vs pakistan live score: little miss sunshine
it may be a strange thing to call one of the biggest stadiums in the world this name but that is what it is looking like at the moment. word from the ground is that there are clear blue skies up above the 'g so high.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup 2022 live score: a clash of styles
it wasn't too long ago that india were choosing to conserve wickets as much as possible before making a hot dash for it in the last five overs, if possible. however, that strategy became a confused mess in the 2021 t20 world cup and since rohit sharma has taken over, they have decided to go the other way, smack the leather out of the ball in the powerplay and then settle in, before another round of smacking in the death overs. pakistan, meanwhile, work best when babar azam and mohammad rizwan score big and their method of scoring big, is exploiting gaps and running between the wickets. in a way, they are reliant on the method that india abandoned, and so far they are doing a good job with it.
ind vs pak live score: rain check
cloudy. medium (60%) chance of showers, most likely later this evening. the chance of a thunderstorm in the northeast suburbs. winds southeasterly 20 to 30 km/h: this is what australia's bureau of meteorology has to say about the weather today in melbourne. this is the lowest chance of rain they have reported in the last four days so that's good news. for now, it is quite cloudy in melbourne but no sign of rain yet.
india vs pakistan t20 world cup live: india's bowling attack
question marks everywhere, though its more around what combination india can pick than form of the bowlers. yes, arshdeep singh and bhuvneshwar kumar conceded runs in the death overs but that was in conditions that weren't too conducive to fast bowling, or any kind of bowling for most parts. it seems almost assured that these two will take the new ball, followed most probably by mohammad shami. if india prioritise batting depth, they might go for ravichandran ashwin ahead of yuzvendra chahal but that decision really depends upon what they see in the pitch. if they do go with chahal, they might be tempted to go with harshal ahead of shami on the basis of the former being a far more effective tail ender.
ind vs pak t20 world cup live: india's injuries
for now, there are now injuries to report in the indian camp, although it has to be noted that the word from the 'g is that hardik pandya was wearing strapping on his right knee and seemed to be limping a little bit this morning.
india vs pakistan live score: shan masood's injury
shan masood won't be available to play for pakistan today, which was probably a given. the important thing is that he seems to be doing fine. for those that don't know, the pakistan batter was struck on the right side of his head by a shot during a nets session. the latest update overnight from the pcb team in australia is that masood’s neurological observations are normal. the ct scan revealed a superficial bruising in the area where he struck, but he is currently asymptomatic. the batter will undergo a concussion re-test tomorrow.
t20 world cup live score: suryakumar yadav
he has scored 801 runs in 23 t20is this year alone, which includes a century, at a frankly ludicrous strike rate of 184.56. his career t20i stats currently stand at 1045 runs scored in 34 t20is at a strike rate of 176.81. he is in the kind of form that leads to opposition captains being asked if they have made any special plans for him, as was the case for babar azam.
ind vs pak live score: pakistan full squad
babar azam(c), mohammad rizwan(w), shan masood, shadab khan, mohammad nawaz, haider ali, iftikhar ahmed, asif ali, naseem shah, haris rauf, shaheen afridi, khushdil shah, mohammad hasnain, mohammad wasim jr, fakhar zaman
india vs pakistan t20 world cup live: india full squad
rohit sharma(c), kl rahul, virat kohli, suryakumar yadav, hardik pandya, dinesh karthik(w), axar patel, ravichandran ashwin, bhuvneshwar kumar, mohammed shami, arshdeep singh, harshal patel, rishabh pant, yuzvendra chahal, deepak hooda
ind vs pak t20 world cup live: the two matches this year
india-pakistan matches in recent years have been more about the loud, and rather jingoistic, build-ups than the actual matches itself. most of the time, the games end up becoming one-sided blow-outs, with india on the right side of those for much of the time since the last bilateral series between the two in 2013, and pakistan winning a few in recent years. that wasn't the case this year though. both matches that they played in the asia cup were close affairs, with pakistan pulling off quite an extraordinary chase in the second of those. india had won the first match five wickets while pakistan won the second by the same margin.
india vs pakistan live score: hello and welcome!
it is time for part three of this rivalry for which fans seem to have an insatiable appetite. with india and pakistan not really playing bilaterals with each other any more, it is in these tournaments that fans on either side of the border get to really see what is happening with each other's cricket teams. pakistan showed that india, or at least indian fans, had grossly underestimated their team when they ran out to a 10-wicket win in the last t20 world cup. since then, names like shaheen afridi, haris rauf, mohammad rizwan and babar azam have been taken with a bit of fear and reverence in indian cricket circles. all four of these players and more are available for pakistan today and india themselves, for now, don't have any injuries apart from those that were revealed before the tournament itself. rain could play a role, but it doesn't really threaten the whole match itself anymore. hey, it is india vs pakistan, it is the t20 world cup, sit back and enjoy!
