live-cricket-score-sri-lanka-vs-ireland-t20-world-cup-2022-sl-vs-ire-match-today-latest-scorecard-at-hobart-101666494354344.

sri lanka vs ireland, t20 world cup 2022: kusal mendis scored an unbeaten 68 off 43 balls as sri lanka defeated ireland by 9 wickets in the super 12 encounter of the t20 world cup in hobart on sunday. mendis, who walked out to open the innings with dhananjaya silva, stitched 63 runs for the opening wicket. silva was the only lankan batter to be dismissed as he was caught-behind on 31. mendis then stitched another 50-plus stand with charith asalanka as sri lanka completed the 129-run chase in 15 overs. earlier a clinical effort by the lanka bowlers helped them restrict ireland for 128/8 in 20 overs, after they opted to bat first. barring harry tector and paul stirling none of the ireland batters were able to resist the lankan attack. tector scored 45 off 42 balls, while stirling scored 34 off 25 deliveries. maheesh theekshana and wanindu hasaranga scalped two wickets each in their four-over quota. catch the highlights of sl vs ire:

follow all the updates here:
sl vs ire live score: mendis finishes in style
kusal mendis wraps up the show in style as he hits a maximum. sri lanka beat ireland by 9 wickets. they complete the paltry 129-run chase with five overs to spare.
mendis returns unbeaten on 68 off 43 balls, his partner charith asalanka scores 31* off 22 deliveries.
sl vs ire live score: sri lanka need 12 runs in 36 balls
easy pickings for charith asalanka as joshua little drops it full, slightly wide. the batter opens his arms and hits the ball over the fielders for a boundary towards the long-off fence. he then completes the over with another four.
sri lanka reach 117/1 after 14 overs.
sl vs ire live score: mendis slams 50
kusal mendis completes his 50 off 37 balls. this is his second half-century in back to back matches.
meanwhile, sri lanka reach 100/1 after 13 overs.
sl vs ire live score: sri lanka 40 runs in 48 balls
barry mccarthy concedes seven runs as sl reach 89/1 after 12 overs. they need 40 runs in 48 balls.
sl vs ire live score: missed opportunity
ireland miss out at an easy opportunity to pack charith asalanka early. the batter tries to take an aerial route against gareth delany but doesn't get the desired connection. his shot goes towards the fielder at mid-wicket, who makes a mess out of it.
meanwhile, six runs come off the over as sl reach 82/1 after 11 overs.
sl vs ire live score: sri lanka reach 75/1 after 10 overs
eight runs come off the over by joshua little as sri lanka reach 75/1 at the halfway stage mark.
sl vs ire live score: caught-behind
dhananjaya de silva is caught behind on 31(25) against gareth delany. the ball was way outside the off-stump but the batter tried chasing after it. in the process he gets an edge, which was well caught by the keeper.
five runs come off the over. sl: 67/1 (9 overs)
sl vs ire live score: mendis, dhananjaya lead chase
simi singh is brought into the attack. he starts with a four-run over. mednis is batting on 31(24), his partner dhananjaya is also playing on 31(24).
sl vs ire live score: sri lanka in control
curtis campher starts with a seven-run over. sl: 57/0 (7 overs)
sl vs ire live score: 50-run stand
just over the top of the short fine leg fielder as the ball races for another four. with that kusal and dhananjaya complete the 50-run partnership.
meanwhile, the pair accumulate 50 runs from the first six overs.
sl vs ire live score: the boundaries keep coming
the boundaries keep coming for sri lanka as they move to 45/0 after 5 overs.
sl vs ire live score: six by dhananjaya
the show continues as dhananjaya silva pulls a short ball by barry mccarthy for a maximum. sri lanka maintain the 9 runs per over run-rate as they reach 36/0 after 4 overs.
sl vs ire live score: aggressive start by sri lanka
an aggressive start by the sri lankan openers as they race to 27/0 after 3 overs.
sri lanka vs ireland live score t20 world cup 2022: kusal mendis deals in boundaries as sl start 129-run chase vs ire sri lanka start with six-run over
joshua little starts with a six-run over. mark adair will bowl the second over.
sl vs ire live score: player tests covid positive
george dockrell, who earlier scored, 14 off 16 balls has returned positive for covid-19. cricket ireland released an official statement in this regard. it read: "cricket ireland today confirmed that george dockrell has been identified as a potential positive for covid and is being managed in line with current local, national and icc guidelines for the management of covid-19.
dockrell’s symptoms are very mild, however, team medical staff will manage his movements and interactions in line with tournament and current government protocols.
a positive covid test does not impede dockrell’s ability to play or train, but to keep the rest of the squad as safe as possible, he will travel separately to the squad on match and training days.
in line with protocols, the icc chief medical officer, opposition team and stadium staff have been notified."
sl vs ire live score: the chase begins
sri lanka openers dhananjaya silva and kusal menis start the run chase.
joshua little leads the attack for ireland.
sl vs ire live score: ireland post 128/8
ireland post 128/8 in 20 overs. harry tector emerges as the highest scorer from ireland. he scored 45 off 42 balls.
maheesh theekshana is the pick among the sri lankan bowlers. the spinner completes his quota with two wickets and concedes 19 runs.
sl vs ire live score: clinical by hasaranga
hasaranga bowls an exceptional penultimate over as three runs and two wickets come off it. ire: 120/8 (19 overs)
sl vs ire live score: finally a wicket for hasaranga
finally a wicket for wanindu hasaranga as he packs gareth delany for 9. he is caught by karunaratne at deep.
sl vs ire live score: harry tector departs
harry tector departs after a well played 45 off 42. he is caught at mid-off by shanaka off binura fernando's bowling.  ire: 117/6 (18 overs)
sl vs ire live score: theekshana strikes
maheesh theekshana breaks the partnership for the 5th wicket as he cleans up george dockrell for 14(16).
ireland reach 108/5 after 17 overs.
sl vs ire live score: four overs to go
wanindu hasaranga concedes four runs as ireland move to 104/4 after 16 overs.
sl vs ire live score: harry tector leads ireland's fightback
harry tector is leading ireland's fightback. he scores a boundary against maheesh theekshana as ire lanka reach 100 in 15 overs.
sl vs ire live score: welcome boundary for ireland
harry tector smashes a six against wanindu hasaranga, a welcome boundary for ireland.
12 runs come off the over as ireland reach 91-4 after 14 overs.
sl vs ire live score: ireland move to 79/4 after 13 overs
m theekshana concedes five runs in his second over as ireland move to 79/4 after 13 overs.
sl vs ire live score: karunaratne completes his quota
harry tector charges down the track against chamika karunaratne and connects it well. the ball races away for a four towards the long-off region.
eight runs come off the over as ire move to 74/4 after 12 overs. | chamika karunaratne: 4-0-29-1
sl vs ire live score: ireland score at run a ball
dhananjaya de silva concedes six runs in his second over as ireland move to 66/4 after 11 overs.
sl vs ire live score: wickets keep tumbling
curtis campher plays it straight to asalanka as ireland lose their 4th wicket. chamika karunaratne scalps his first from the contest. the bowler bangs it slightly short, forces the batter to play the cut shot, which he does. the ball then travels straight to the fielder positioned there. he departs for 2(4).
ire: 60/4 (10 overs)
sl vs ire live score: good catch by rajapaksa
just when things looked fine for ireland, bhanuka rajapaksa completes a sharp catch to pack paul stirling on 34(25). dhananjaya de silva strikes in his first over. the batter makes some room, plays it towards the cover region but rajapaksa covers a good amount of ground and completes the catch.
meanwhile, ireland reach 57/3 after 9 overs.
sl vs ire live score: paul stirling dropped
paul stirling takes the aerial route against chamika karunaratne, but the ball doesn't go very far. lahiru kumara charges towards the ball, but fails to complete the routine catch.
meanwhile, stirling and harry tector guide ireland to 50/2 after 8 overs.
sl vs ire live score: ireland reach 46/2 after 7 overs
wanindu hasaranga is introduced in the attack and he starts off with a six-run over. ire reach 46/2 after 7 overs.
sl vs ire live score: powerplays are done
an expensive start by chamika karunaratne as paul stirling hits him for a boundary and a maximum.
they accumulate 40 runs in the powerplay overs and lose two wickets.
sl vs ire live score: the move works for sri lanka
maheesh theekshana strikes in his first over as ireland lose their 2nd wicket in powerplay. lorcan tucker departs for 10(11). the batter moves slightly outside the off-stump, tries to play it behind the wickets, kind-off a sweep. however, the ball takes his gloves and knocks the stump on it's way.
meanwhile, a wicket and two runs come off the over. ire: 26/2 (5 overs)
sl vs ire live score: spin introduced inside powerplay
sri lanka introduce spin inside the powerplay. maheesh theekshana comes into the attack.
sl vs ire live score: paul stirling leads the charge
paul stirling ends the fourth over with a boundary. a goo shoot, just wide of the bowler's reach on his followthrough. meanwhile, ireland reach 24/1 after 4 overs.
sl vs ire live score: good over from ireland's perspective
a decent over from ireland's perspective as 10 runs come off it. ireland reach 18/1 after 3 overs.
sl vs ire live score: sri lanka keep things tight
another brilliant over by sri lanka as six runs and a wicket come off it. ire: 8/1 (2 overs)
sl vs ire live score: gone!
lahiru kumara strikes in his first ball as ireland lose skipper andrew balbirnie on 1(5). he shuffles across the crease and tries to play the ball behind the stumps, but fails to make a contact. the ball knocks and hits the middle stump.
sl vs ire live score: tidy start by sri lanka
a tidy start by binura fernando as just two runs come off the first over.
sl vs ire live score: here we go!
paul stirling and captain andrew balbirnie walk out in the middle to kick-off the action.
binura fernando leads the attack for sri lanka.
sri lanka vs ireland live score: pre-match rituals
the players from both side enter the field for the pre-match rituals. the action will get underway shortly.
sri lanka vs ireland live score: players to watch out from ireland
ireland too boast of some powerful hitters in their xi. paul stirling, who has immense experience is one of them. apart from him, the lankan unit will also be harry tector and lorcan tucker.
sri lanka vs ireland live score: two players to watch out for
the players to watch out from the lankan camp are:
bhanuka rajapaksa and wanindu hasaranga
sri lanka vs ireland live score: playing xis
sri lanka: kusal mendis(w), dhananjaya de silva, charith asalanka, ashen bandara, bhanuka rajapaksa, dasun shanaka(c), wanindu hasaranga, chamika karunaratne, maheesh theekshana, binura fernando, lahiru kumara
ireland: paul stirling, andrew balbirnie(c), lorcan tucker(w), harry tector, curtis campher, george dockrell, gareth delany, mark adair, simi singh, barry mccarthy, joshua little
sri lanka vs ireland live score: ireland win toss
ireland have won the toss, and they will bat first.
sri lanka vs ireland, t20 world cup live score: head-to-head
ireland and sri lanka have met twice in the shorter format and it has been the asian champions, who have dominated the proceedings. the two wins came in the year 2009 and 2021.
sri lanka vs ireland, t20 world cup live: injury concern in sl camp
the lankan fans will have their eyes fixed on pathum nissanka, who availability remains a concern. however, skipper dasun shanaka has been optimistic about him taking part in the clash.
sri lanka vs ireland, t20 world cup 2022 live: trivia
this is the first time, ireland have progressed to the second stage of the t20 world cup since 2009.
sri lanka, on the other hand, head into the tournament after stunning heavyweights india and pakistan at the asia cup 2022. in fact they have won 7 of their last 8 t20is.
sri lanka vs ireland, t20 world cup 2022 live: squads
sri lanka: pathum nissanka, kusal mendis(w), dhananjaya de silva, charith asalanka, bhanuka rajapaksa, dasun shanaka(c), wanindu hasaranga, chamika karunaratne, binura fernando, maheesh theekshana, lahiru kumara, pramod madushan, ashen bandara, kasun rajitha, jeffrey vandersay
ireland: paul stirling, andrew balbirnie(c), lorcan tucker(w), harry tector, curtis campher, george dockrell, gareth delany, mark adair, simi singh, barry mccarthy, joshua little, graham hume, fionn hand, conor olphert, stephen doheny
sri lanka vs ireland, t20 world cup 2022: hello and welcome!
hello and welcome to the live coverage of the group 2 match of the super 12 stage of 2022 t20 world cup between former champion sri lanka and ireland in hobart. stay tuned for more updates!
