australia-vs-new-zealand-live-score-t20-world-cup-2022-aus-vs-nz-match-today-latest-scorecard-at-sydney-cricket-ground-scg-101666413871339.

australia vs new zealand t20 world cup 2022 highlights: new zealand began their t20 world cup campaign in emphatic fashion, thrashing defending champions australia by 89 runs here on saturday. devon conway smashed an unbeaten 92 off 58 balls to power new zealand to a stiff 200 for three. the kiwis then put up a disciplined bowing performance and were outstanding in the field as they bowled out the hosts, who struggled to get a partnership going, for 111 in 17.1 overs. tim southee (3/6) and mitchell santner (3/31) picked three wickets each.

follow all the updates here:
t20 world cup live score: dream start for new zealand
so new zealand go away with two points and, more importantly, a net run rate of +4.450, australia conversely have the negative version of it. this is exactly the kind of start new zealand would have been dreaming of. they next face afghanistan on wednesday at 9.30am ist. australia, meanwhile, face sri lanka on tuesday and that match starts at 4.30pm ist. do join us for that and for now, we are also covering england's match against afghanistan live. the toss was just done, england have won it and chosen to bowl first. it's ciao from here!
australia vs new zealand live score: new zealand beat australia by 89 runs
new zealand have beaten australia in australia for the first time since 2011. giant defeat up front for the hosts and defending champions. that is certainly not how they hoped their opening game would go. cummins takes a swipe off southee and the ball soars high into the night sky. conway, the man who anchored the kiwi innings, claimed it and made no mistake in pouching it.
pat cummins c conway b southee 21 (18), australia 111 all out
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: gone! bowled again!
replays show that boult has smashed the stumpcam. zampa makes room, boult brings out the knuckle ball and takes the off stump. australia down to their last wicket.
zampa b boult 0 (2), australia 109/9 in 16.3 overs
t20 world cup live score: out! taste of his own medicine for starc
boult angles a full one into starc and shapes it away just so right at the end. starc goes for a heave, misses the ball completely and his middle stump is uprooted.
starc b boult 4 (7),  australia109/8 in 16.1 overs
australia vs new zealand live score: six! what a shot from cummins!
wow, he kept that ball right in his sights, stays dead still and sends the ball soaring past midwicket. that was off the second ball of the 17th, he had hit a four off the first. australia need 97 to 2in in 26 so that's a tall order to say the least but those that followed the 2022 ipl would remember what cummins did in a match against the mumbai indians.
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: out! maxwell falls
knocked him over! maxwell goes for another big switch hit, misses the ball completely and the ball takes the stumps. this might just be a statement win for new zealand from here.
maxwell b sodhi 28 (20), australia 89/7 in 13.3 overs
t20 world cup live score: edged and gone!
ferguson gets his first wicket of the tournament and matthew wade has to walk.
wade c conway b ferguson 2 (4), australia 82/6 in 12.2 overs
australia vs new zealand live score: australia 82/5 in 12 overs
well this might just go down as a forgettable outing for australia. but they wouldn't want to lose by too big a margin or else that net run rate will bite them later on.
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: six! perfect switch hit from maxwell
he has been trying that for some time now, nails it finally. he changes his grip on sodhi off the second ball of the 12th over and sends the ball soaring over what has now become extra cover.
t20 world cup live score: six and out! tim david goes, australia falling apart
well it's all unravelling quite quickly now for the defending champions. david hits the first ball of the 11th over for a flat six. then tries to make it two in two but this time, santner has the last laugh.
david c neesham b santner 11 (8), australia 68/5 in 10.5 overs
australia vs new zealand live score: out! stunner!
glenn ‘superman' phillips brought out the goods with the bat early on and now in the field. stoinis muttering to himself as he walks, extremely unlucky there. santner floats the second ball of the 9th over outside off, stoinis gives himself room and takes a whack at it, would have expected maybe a couple of runs. but phillips starts running from extra cover, leaps at the ball and catches it mid-air while parallel to the ground and then keeps it in his hands on impact with the ground. brilliant stuff.
stoinis c phillips b santner 7 (14), australia 50/4 in 8.2 overs
t20 world cup live score: end of powerplay, australia 37/3
maxwell and stoinis are in the middle now. they are both capable hitters but not exactly known to stay in the middle for too long and that is exactly what australia need at the moment. wonder if they regret dropping steve smith now.
australia vs new zealand live score: out! and now marsh goes!
neesham loses the ball in the lights but still completes the catch. australia in trouble now. marsh sends the ball soaring into the night sky and holes out in the deep.
marsh c neesham b southee 16 (12), australia 34/3 in 4.5 overs
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: gone! finch falls
flat from santner, finch gives himself room and smacks it straight at williamson at extra cover. that is a good catch from new zealand captain, it may have been straight at him but that was travelling at an incredible speed.
finch c williamson b santner 13 (11), australia 30/2 in four overs
t20 world cup live score: six! shot of the tournament contender!
marsh lifts santner over the offside inside out over covers. what a sensational shot that is from the all rounder.
australia vs new zealand live score: four!
mitchell marsh whips out the sweep off mitch santner for his first boundary of the innings. marsh will be key here for new zealand. australia 23/1 in 3.2 overs.
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: six and four! aaron finch!
the australian captain taking the initiative. he first charges down and hits boult deep into the stands over deep midwicket, a 102m hit! then he places the second ball of the second over past mid-off for a four.
t20 world cup live score: gone! southee gets warner first ball!
that is a freak dismissal if there ever was any. short of a length from southee, warner goes for the pull but the ball doesn't bounce enough. it hits his thigh pad, then the back of his bat and then hits the stumps. how about that.
warner b southee 5 (6), australia australia 5/1 in 1.1 overs
australia vs new zealand live score: stellar first over from boult!
this is going to be a tricky first few overs for australia and that is not good news for them at all considering they are chasing 201. finch gets beaten off the last ball of that over. australia 5/0.
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: edged but four! warner survives!
ooo that could have been a big wicket off the third ball! boult swinging the ball around corners. once again the ball shapes away from warner, outside edge and it flies just out of the diving slip's reach for a boundary.
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: the players are back!
right, david warner is facing up to trent boult and australia captain aaron finch is at the other end. big swing from boult first up and it completely bamboozles warner.
t20 world cup live score: here is finn allen
“i got the call last night and got to sleep on it. i mean we talked about throwing the first punch and it was just committing to that. it's a good competitive score and we've done half the job. hopefully, we can finish it off”
australia vs new zealand live score: neesham ends it with a six! new zealand 200/3 in 20 overs
he sends hazlewood sailing over long-on to help new zealand finish on a round figure of 200. neesham ends on 26 off 13 balls while conway is unbeaten on 92 off 58 balls.
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: four! conway moves to 89
new zealand 186/3 in 19 overs. starc unable to finish an otherwise good over well. conway moves to create some room for himself and crashes it through the offside.
t20 world cup live score: six! neesham!
he smacks cummins over midwicket for his first six of the match. this might not be a pretty sight for australian fans.
australia vs new zealand live score: into the last 3 overs
the big-hitting neesham is with conway and so it is danger galore at the moment for australia. wonder of conway is eyeing a century, he is on 79 after all.
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: gone! hazlewood gets his 2nd
short one from hazlewood surprised phillips. he was shaping up to hit one down the ground but is not quite able to readjust to the pull shot. the ball takes a top edge and hazlewood himself takes an easy catch.
phillips c & b hazlewood 12 (10), new zealand 152/3 in 16 overs
t20 world cup live score: four!
baseball shot from phillips. he clears his front leg and smashes the short one from hazlewood downtown.
australia vs new zealand live score: new zealand 144/2 in 15 overs
into the last five overs now. conway is on 70 off 45 balls, he has the equally dangerous glenn phillips at the other end who is on seven off six. 30 balls left in this innings now, how much can new zealand stack up from here.
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: out! williamson goes
a run a ball 23 for him. zampa makes an appeal and this time the umpire raises his finger. williamson has a long conversation with conway before going for the review at the very last second. three reds it is, no edge and the new zealand captain goes after just about managing a strike rate of 100.
williamson lbw b zampa 23 (23), new zealand 125/2 in 13 overs
t20 world cup live score: six! 50 for conway!
he gets to 55 off 36 balls. he smashes zampa over midwicket to get to the milestone. his partnership with williamson has reached 64 off 48.
t20 world cup live score: six! what a shot from williamson
gets down on one knee and scoops stoinis over fine leg off the first ball of the 11th. he needs a lot more of those, does the new zealand captain but just that show simply oozed class, which williamson has got in abundance of course. that brings up new zealand's 100.
australia vs new zealand live score: conway survives an lbw appeal
big shout from zampa and the umpire shakes his head. finch takes the review. it was pad first and looks very close indeed. but ball-tracking shows that the ball would've gone over middle stump.
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: six! conway breaks loose
conway goes down the track and thrashes zampa over long on. much, much needed boundary that.
t20 world cup live score: no boundaries in the eighth over
new zealand are 81/1 in eight overs. australia slowly pulling things back now, williamson and conway are not able to get much from zampa and stoinis.
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: end of powerplay, new zealand 65/1
courtesy finn allen. what a start the kiwis have got here. conway is on 19 off 13 balls and williamson is on four off seven.
t20 world cup live score: four! williamson gets one
some width from hazlewood and williamson manages to get it past point for four. the new zealand captain has a career strike of just over 123 and so he would want to get into the groove as quickly as possible.
australia vs new zealand live score: gone! allen falls!
yorker of the highest order from hazlewood and the ball crashes on to the base of off stump. that marks the end of quite a brilliant opening knock from finn allen. the australians are celebrating wildly and why not, if this had gone on for even two overs more this match would have become an uphill struggle for them already.
finn allen b josh hazlewood 42 (16), new zealand 56/1 in 4.1 overs
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: six! gigantic from allen!
new zealand's 50 has come up in just 3.5 overs. stoinis takes the pace off, allen waits for it and goes over the bowler's head.
t20 world cup live score: 17 runs off the third over!
new zealand are 46/0 after 3 overs. allen is on 35 off 13 and conway on 11 off five.
australia vs new zealand live score: four! close one for allen
that would go down as a drop at short fine leg but it would have been a contender for catch of the tournament had zampa held on to it. it was well over his head and he managed to get his fingers to it.
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: four! conway getting into the act!
second boundary of the second over. conway hit a four off the first ball that hazlewood bowled and then hits another off the fourth. the second four he lifts over mid-off and just times it perfectly to the boundary.
t20 world cup live score: 14 runs in the first over!
a four off the second last ball and then a dot ball to make it 14 runs for the over. new zealand are not going to take it easy in the powerplay.
australia vs new zealand live score: six!
what a start! cleaner connection and this time it goes over long-on and into the stands.
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: four!
this time he goes over mid-on with a swing through the line off the second ball. allen making his intentions quite clear.
t20 world cup live score: here we go!
mitchell starc has the ball in his hands, finn allen facing up with devon conway at the other end. allen tries a drive first up and doesn't quite time it so aggression straightaway.
australia vs new zealand live score: the national anthems
here we go then, the two teams have lined up and the national anthems have been sung. the scg is slowly filling up  now and the atmosphere is just starting to amp up.
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: rain check once again
there are a lot of clouds but at the same time, it seems there is some sunshine at the scg now. things looking slightly better, no delays so far. let's keep our fingers crossed!
t20 world cup live score: aaron finch talks
going to bowl. there's weather around but we also feel the wicket gets better and better as the game goes on. every time you represent australia you feel pressure. we've always had amazing support. smith, agar, richardson and green the four players not playing.
australia vs new zealand live score: new zealand xi
devon conway(w), finn allen, kane williamson(c), glenn phillips, mark chapman, james neesham, mitchell santner, tim southee, ish sodhi, lockie ferguson, trent boult
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: australia xi
aaron finch(c), david warner, mitchell marsh, glenn maxwell, marcus stoinis, tim david, matthew wade(w), pat cummins, mitchell starc, adam zampa, josh hazlewood
t20 world cup live score: toss alert!
aaron finch wins the toss, australia to bowl first. steve smith has been left out.
australia vs new zealand live score: the pitch
"it's not as quick as some of the other pitches we see generally in australia. there has been a lot of rain around and it's been under covers. it feels damp. might be two-paced," says isa guha in the pitch report.
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: the absence of west indies
west indies are a truly paradoxical case. you can't think of an ipl, or any t20 league really, without the participation of any west indies player and yet, they have not only have they not been able to stay high enough in the rankings to get to the super 12 stage, they were not even able to make it to the super 12 through the qualifiers either. while it is quite sad to think of a team that are pretty much the pioneers of batting in t20 cricket, the fact remains that the west indies played some utterly horrendous cricket throughout the first stage. they deserved nothing more than disqualification and let us hope that this team can come back strong in the coming years.
t20 world cup live score: new zealand's australia hoodoo
new zealand are no easy team to win against and yet, somehow, the kiwis have not been able to get a win against australia since 2011. the last time they did defeat their rivals accross the tasman sea, veteran fast bowler trent boult had made his debut.
australia vs new zealand live score: rain check
or rather 'rain threat'. there are dark clouds hanging over the scg but so far no showers at the stadium itself. pretty heavy rains in the northern part of the city and its almost certain, for now at least, that the showers will make an appearance here and make a mess of this match.
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: the 2021 final
australia won the toss and won the match. while that may be a bit of an oversimplification, the fact remains that toss was an incredibly important factor in the uae and australia, bowled first throughout that tournament. in the final, kane williamson's 85 off 48 balls helped new zealand reach a score of 172/4. it was hardly a problem for australia to chase it down, with half centuries from david warner and mitchell marsh helping them seal their first t20 world cup win.
t20 world cup live score: the first round
there were some utter thrillers in the first round with the teams like namibia, netherlands and scotland giving full members a run for their money. asia cup winners sri lanka started with a shocker of a defeat to namibia but they did eventually make it to the super 12. the same can't be said about two-time champions west indies, however, with a meek nine-wicket surrender to ireland knocking them out.
australia vs new zealand live score: the super 12 stage
england will be facing afghanistan later in the second match of the day in perth. all four teams are in group 1 and tomorrow, the group 2 teams will take the field with ireland and sri lanka facing each other starting at 9.30am ist in hobart. this is followed by a little match between india and pakistan, if weather permits, in melbourne at 1.30pm ist.
aus vs nz, t20 world cup live score: hello and welcome!
this is it! almost a year of buildup, teams chopping and changing combinations, old careers ending, new careers blossoming. all seen as preparations for this very moment. the start of the t20 world cup's super 12 stage. the tournament has started already, remember, and if you were blisfully unaware of the first round of qualifiers that happened before this, you missed some proper humdingers. we will be talking about that and more as we buildup towards this opening game. stay tuned!
