team-india-to-travel-bangladesh-for-odi-test-series-in-december-101666277564336.
the indian cricket team will travel to bangladesh in december this year, where they are scheduled to play three odis and two tests. an official statement was released by the bangladesh cricket board (bcb), which read: "the bangladesh cricket board (bcb) has announced the itinerary for india's tour later this year which includes three one-day internationals and two test matches of the icc world test championship cycle 2."
this will be india's first tour to the neighbouring nation since 2015 and it will get underway with the white-ball format at the sher-e-bangla national cricket stadium in mirpur, dhaka. the test will be held at the zahur ahmed chowdhury stadium in chattogram, following which the two sides will travel back to the capital for the final match of the tour.
bcb president nazmul hassan, said this will be a most anticipated meeting of the subcontinent's cricketing rivals: "the bangladesh-india matches in recent history have given us some epic contests and fans from both countries are eagerly waiting for another memorable series. i thank the board of control for cricket in india for working closely with the bcb in confirming the schedule. we look forward to welcoming the indian team to bangladesh."
honorary secretary, bcci jay shah echoed the sentiment felt by the enthusiastic and dedicated followers of cricket in bangladesh and india: "i extend my best wishes to the bangladesh cricket board for the upcoming bilateral series featuring india. the india-bangladesh contests generate tremendous interest among the fans thanks to the massive fan following the two teams enjoy. we know how passionate the fans in bangladesh are and i am sure they will be treated to some exhilarating contests both in white-ball and red-ball cricket. with the crucial world test championship points at stake, the two test matches are very important and both teams will go hard for the win."
india tour of bangladesh:
december 4: 1st odi in dhaka
december 7: 2nd odi in dhaka
december 10: 3rd odi in dhaka
december 14-18: 1st test in chattogram
december 22-26: 2nd test in dhaka
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
