india-vs-new-zealand-live-score-t20-world-cup-2022-warm-up-match-ind-vs-nz-today-latest-scorecard-at-brisbane-101666159656248.

ind vs nz, t20 world cup warm-up highlights: india's preparatory campaign for the t20 world cup has ended with two wins and a defeat after the scheduled match wednesday was called off due to relentless rain in brisbane. a warm-up game between afghanistan and pakistan had been called off earlier in the day at the same venue. india will now face arch-rivals pakistan in their blockbuster opener of the t20 world cup on sunday at the melbourne cricket ground.

follow all the updates here:
ind vs nz practice match live: match called off!
that's it, nothing to see here folks. a soggy old day in brisbane is how india's warm-up campaign for the t20 world cup ends. there were quite a few questions that were lurking around before this match and they will remain unanswered. now, you can turn your eyes to the final few qualifier games, all of which have been quite thrilling, and then the tournament opener between hosts and defending champions australia and england. then comes the match that billions are waiting for - india vs pakistan. but there is a big rain threat over that game as well and so let's hope that the match for which there have been months and months of build-up is not ultimately washed off.
t20 world cup warm-up live: news from the gabba
it seems umpire paul reiffel has stepped out with a groundsman. but there is no happy news here, the rain is unrelenting and its looking very bleak indeed.
ind vs nz warm-up match live: ireland vs scotland
this match is set to go down as one of the greatest in the history of the tournament. ireland looked set for a shock defeat when they were 62/4 in the 10th over chasing a target of 177. they didn't lose a wicket after that, with an extraordinary 119-run stand between curtis campher and george dockrell, which came in just 57 balls, leading them to a six-wicket win with one over in hand.
t20 world cup warm-up live: afghanistan vs pakistan
this was the first warm-up match that was being played at the gabba today and that was officially called off at around 11.30am today due to the rain.
ind vs nz practice match live: new zealand full squad
devon conway(w), finn allen, martin guptill, kane williamson(c), glenn phillips, mark chapman, mitchell santner, adam milne, ish sodhi, lockie ferguson, tim southee, daryl mitchell, james neesham, michael bracewell, trent boult
t20 world cup warm-up live: india full squad
kl rahul, rohit sharma(c), virat kohli, suryakumar yadav, hardik pandya, dinesh karthik(w), axar patel, ravichandran ashwin, harshal patel, bhuvneshwar kumar, mohammed shami, arshdeep singh, yuzvendra chahal, deepak hooda, rishabh pant
ind vs nz warm-up match live: toss delayed
as stated earlier, there is no official update but toss should have taken place at 1pm. the footage in star sports shows dark clouds and heaps of water falling on the ground from the sky, not looking good at all.
india vs new zealand warm-up match live: it's pouring at the gabba
it looks like we will have a delayed toss here to say the least. absolutely pouring down in brisbane and rain doesn't look like receding any time soon. no official update for the toss specifically at the moment but the bcci has said that the cut off time for a 5 over-a-side game is 8.46 pm (4.16 pm ist).
ind vs nz practice match live: the rishabh pant question
pant didn't play in the last warm-up match. sachin tendulkar is among those who have said that india can use a left handed batter in the middle order to provide variety in their lineup. wonder if pant will be given a go today and if he will play a big role in the main tournamnet.
t20 world cup warm-up live: virat ‘jonty rhodes’ kohli
kohli first flew in to run out josh inglis with a direct hit from mid-wicket, picking up the ball and throwing it in the same, fluid motion. that was in the 19th over, he then took a one-handed catch at long on to take the first of the four wickets that fell in the last over. pat cummins, the batter, had a smile on his face as he left the field.
ind vs nz warm-up match live: shami's magic over
shami had played absolutely no role in the whole match and then surprisingly came in to bowl the last over.australia were 176/6 at the start of that over, needing 10 to win. at the end of it, they were all out for 180, with four wickets falling in the last four balls. the last two balls were the ones for which shami truly deserved the credit - yorkers bowled to pin-point precision. the other two were about australia failing to run a bye and virat kohli taking an absolute stunner at the boundary.
india vs new zealand warm-up match live: hello and welcome!
if the match against australia was anything more than a practice game, mohammad shami's last 20th over would have gone down as one of the greatest ever seen in t20 cricket. however, it was only a warm-up match, which may have also been a reason why four wickets fell in that one over as well. nonetheless, we can expect to see more of the pacer today. new zealand, on the other hand, would hope that their batters can make a better case of themselves than they did against south africa. more about that later.
