india-predicted-xi-1st-odi-vs-ban-rahul-or-dhawan-or-both-what-about-pant-101670044899885.
team india begin their tour of bangladesh with the first one-day international(odi) on sunday, december 4. the men in blue will play a three-match odi series and two tests during the tour. senior players like captain rohit sharma, virat kohli and kl rahul who missed the recently concluded new zealand tour, are back to the squad.
this will be rohit sharma's first series as captain after india's exit from the t20 world cup 2022. with his return, he is likely to open the innings with shikhar dhawan and virat kohli will be playing at no.3. kl rahul is likely to play at no.4, followed by shreyas iyer at no.5 and rishabh pant at no.6. iyer was the second highest run-getter in odis against new zealand. while pant is battling a dip in form, the team management might want to give him a few more chances.
also read: ‘pakistan not pleading to host asia cup. if india…': ramiz raja's freesh threat to bcci with 'common sense' remark
in all probablility, washington sundar will get a chance in the playing xi for his all-rounder abilities and after a good performance with the bat in new zealand where he hit a half-century in the 3rd odi. in bangladesh conditions, team india will surely play a second spinner and therefore axar patel is likely to be included at no.8.
the remaining three positions in the playing xi will be occupied by pacers. mohammad siraj, deepak chahar and shardul thakur are expected to be in the playing xi as senior pro mohammed shami was ruled out with a shoulder injury. with shardul and chahar in the xi, india's batting goes down till no.10. siraj and chahar will take the responsibility of bowling with the new ball while shardul will be used in the middle overs and as a third pace option.
india's predicted xi for 1st odi against bangladesh
openers: rohit sharma(c), shikhar dhawan
middle order: virat kohli, kl rahul, shreyas iyer
lower-middle order: rishabh pant(wk)
all-rounders: washington sundar, axar patel
pacers: shardul thakur, mohammad siraj, deepak chahar
rohit sharma (c), shikhar dhawan, virat kohli, shreyas iyer, kl rahul (vc), rishabh pant (wk), washington sundar, shardul thakur, axar patel, deepak chahar, mohammed siraj
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
