ravichandran-ashwin-would-ve-scored-triple-hundred-here-twitter-reacts-as-michael-vaughan-calls-babar-azam-best-in-the-world-across-formats-101670061411494.
pakistan captain babar azam produced a fine performance on day 3 of the first test against england, as he smashed his eighth century in the longest format of the game. babar reached his three-figure mark during the second session of the day and became the seventh centurion in the ongoing test; and third from the pakistan side. on the rawalpindi pitch that has shown all signs of being a batting paradise so far, four english batters smashed tons as the visitors posted a mammoth score of 657 in the first innings.
for pakistan, openers abdullah shafique (114) and imam-ul-haq (121) forged a 225-run stand for the first wicket before babar eventually reached his century on day 3. the pakistan captain reached the mark in 126 deliveries, smashing 14 fours and a six en route to his ton.
also read: watch: root hilariously shines ball off leach's head in 'absolutely ingenious' tactic in pak-eng test; video goes viral
former england captain michael vaughan took to his official twitter account as he praised babar for the knock, and also made a big claim on the batter. “class act @babarazam258.. nothing more sure of a 100 than one for him on this pitch .. across all formats the best in the world .. #pakvseng,” vaughan wrote.
class act @babarazam258 .. nothing more sure of a 100 than one for him on this pitch .. across all formats the best in the world .. #pakvseng
however, there were many fans who didn't agree with vaughan on his “best in the world” remark.
even ashwin would have scored a triple hundred on this deck. i have nothing against babar, but this knock means nothing. and best across all formats? looks like you've been kept busy not watching other games when england doesn't play.
really! best across all formats!! do you even know a someone called king @imvkohli ?? 😲
best ever. it was so hard scoring runs on this pitch. no batter crossed 30 even and he has scored a 100 😱
how is he a great in t20 s though?
@michaelvaughan even now you can score a hundred if you loan the cricket kits from any english cricketer in the pindi ground. #pakvseng https://t.co/9aol9sxizx
only 3 weeks you said virat kohli was.i wonder who it will be next month ? https://t.co/yi2qbah4wg
it was the first time in test history that openers from both teams had scored centuries in the first innings after england openers crawley and ben duckett also struck hundreds in england's world record 506-4 on the first day.
the grassless pitch has been the focal point in england's first test in pakistan in 17 years with even pakistan cricket board chairman ramiz raja saying the wicket is not good advertisement for test cricket.
only 14 wickets fell over five days on a similar type of pitch when australia last played at the pindi cricket stadium and the wicket was rated as “below average” by icc match referee ranjan madugalle. the pitch received one demerit point as a result.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
