india-vs-bangladesh-live-score-2nd-odi-2022-ind-vs-ban-latest-scorecard-101670384736332.

india vs bangladesh 2nd odi highlights: rohit sharma's fighting 51 goes in vain as bangladesh beat india by 5 runs in the second odi to take an unassailable 2-0 lead in the three-match series. the indian skipper was earlier rushed to the hospital for an x-ray as he had hurt his thumb while fielding. he didn't walk to open the innings but walked in when india were reduced to 207/7 in the 43rd over. rohit then dragged india close to the 272-run target, as he smashed three boundaries and five sixes. he finished the innings unbeaten on 51 off 28 deliveries. chasing a stiff target, india got off to a poor start by blazing knocks by shreyas iyer and axar patel kept india in hunt. axar was dismissed for 56 in the same number of balls, while iyer slammed 82 off 102 balls. earlier, mehidy hasan continued his excellent form as he smashed his maiden odi century, remaining unbeaten on 100 off 83 balls to take bangladesh to a strong score of 271/7 in 50 overs. he stitched a crucial partnership with mahmudullah, who was dismissed for 77. catch the highlights of ind vs ban, 2nd odi:

follow all the updates here:
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: ban beat ind by 5 runs
a yorker by mustafizur rahman and rohit plays it towards mid-on. india needed a six but that didn't come. with this bangladesh win the match by five runs and take an unassailable 2-0 lead in the three-match series. ind: 266/9 (50 overs)
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: rohit hits 6
rohit sharma hits a six. this time he hits is straight and with this he also completes his 50, which came off just 27 balls. ind need 6 from 1 ball.
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: back to back boundaries by rohit sharma
back to back boundaries by rohit sharma. a length ball by mustafizur as rohit makes room and cuts it square of the wicket for a four.
the next ball is a dot. ind need 12 runs off 2 balls.
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: ind need 16 runs to win
mustafizur starts with a dot but rohit sharma manages to get a boundary in the second ball. ind need 16 runs from four deliveries.
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: rohit dropped twice, siraj out
rohit sharma keeps india alive as he welcomes mahmudullah with a six. the bowler then deviates from his line, which results in a wide plus two runs.
ebadot hossain then drops a catch, a costly mistake as the shot came off rohit sharma's bat.
the batter then hits another six and he is dropped once again in the same over.
the bowler, however, gets a wicket in the final ball as he cleans up siraj. ind: 252/9 (49 overs)
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: maiden over by mustafizur
it is a maiden over by mustafizur rahman as he beats mohammed siraj in the first five balls. the batter makes a connection in the final ball but rohit sharma refuses to take a single.
ind need 40 runs in 12 balls.
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: excellent skills by mustafizur rahman
excellent skills by mustafizur rahman as he bowls two slower deliveries to start the over. he bowls four dots against siraj in the 48th over.
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: excellent over by mahmudullah
just one run come off the over bowled by mahmudullah. india reach 232/8 after 47 overs as they need 40 runs in 18 balls
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: rohit sharma gets going
a short ball by ebadot hossain and rohit sharma pulls it for a six over deep square leg. he hits another six in the same over, this time it is hit over the backward square leg fence.
he then finishes the over with another boundary as 18 runs come off it. ind: 231/8 (46 overs)
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: deepak chahar departs
an excellent over by shakib al hasan as just two runs come off it. india are desperate for a win that they have sent in an injured rohit sharma in the middle.
meanwhile, ebadot hossain strikes in the next over as he packs deepak chahar for 11. the crowd is elated. ind: 213/8 (45.1 overs)
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: interesting scenario
meanwhile we are done with 44 overs as both injured players - deepak chahar and rohit sharma - are batting in the middle. ind: 211/7 | need 61 runs in 36 balls
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: shakib al hasan strikes
shakib al hasan strikes as he gets rid of shardul thakur for 7. the batter charged down the ground, but failed to get any bat on it. easy stumping for mushfiqur.
meanwhile, rohit sharma joins the proceedings.
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: deepak chahar hits a six
deepak chahar hits mustafizur rahman for a six. an effortless shot as he connects a slower bouncer on the hips over the deep backward square leg fence.
nine runs come off the over. ind: 204/6 (42 overs)
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: another quiet over
ebadot hossain continues to keep things tight. as shardul thakur tries to whack the bowler but fails to do so. meanwhile, there is a huge caught-behind appeal against the batter, but it is signaled wide by the umpire.
another quiet over as just two runs come off it. ind: 195/6 (41 overs)
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: crowd loving it
the crowd at shere-e-bangla stadium is absolutely buzzing with the two wickets. litton gets mustafizur back into the attack as two singles come in his over. ind: 193/6 (40 overs)
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: axar patel strikes
good captaincy by litton das as he gets ebadot hossain into the attack, replacing mehidy hasan. the move pays off as the bowler gets rid of dangerous axar patel, who falls for 56.
deepak chahar joins shardul thakur in the middle. ind: 190/6 (38.4 overs)
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: maiden over
shakib al hasan is back into the attack. two of his balls kept low, while shardul dealt with three. one misses the edge and settles in mushfiqur's gloves.
no runs come from it. ind: 189/5 (38 overs)
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: axar keeps thing moving
axar patel welcomes mehidy miraz with a boundary towards the long-off region.
eight runs come off the over as india move to 189/5 from 37 overs.
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: axar patel slams 50
a massive six by axar patel against nasum as the ball flies over the long-on fence. he then goes on to complete his half-century, which comes in a run a ball.
ind: 181/5 (36 overs)
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: wicket!
big wicket! shreyas iyer departs! he tries to go for another six similar to the one hit in the same over previously, but finds a fielder wide of long-off.
he goes for 82 and mehidy hasan miraz gets his second wicket
india vs bangladesh live score: six!
shreyas iyer into his 80s as he charges down the track against mehidy hasan! dispatches the ball over the long-off boundary for his third six of the innings.
india 170/4 in 34.3 overs, target 272
india vs bangladesh live score: india need 109 runs to win
16 overs remaining in the match and india are 163/4, with axar cruising at 41 while shreyas being 25 runs short of a century. bangladesh in desperate need of a wicket here
india vs bangladesh live score: india's highest 5th wicket stand vs bangladesh
the partnership between shreyas iyer and axar patel (96* off 93 deliveries) is now the side's highest fifth-wicket stand against bangladesh in odis!
india vs bangladesh live score: axar patel growing in confidence
the left-hander is taking on the risks, allowing shreyas to play his natural game here. axar moves to 38 off 41 deliveries, while shreyas is playing the anchor role with 69 off 92 deliveries so far.
india 153/4 in 32 overs, target 272
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: 30 overs completed
bangladesh were at 124/6 by the end of 30 overs, so india clearly ahead at this point. will repeat that shreyas iyer's wicket could be the game-changer!
india 143/4, target 272
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: six!
shreyas iyer smashes a massive six against mehidy hasan! he moves to his 60s
india vs bangladesh live score: partnership going at a decent run rate so far
the duo of shreyas iyer and axar patel has added 64 runs in 59 deliveries, with axar scoring a run-a-ball 26 so far. shreyas iyer, however, remains key for india in this run-chase.
129/4 in 28 overs, target 272
india vs bangladesh live score: turn and bounce!
shakib al hasan continues to get some turn and bounce off the surface. takes shreyas iyer by surprise but the batter manages to keep the ball low.
india 122/4 in 26 overs. target 272
ind vs ban live score: 50 for shreyas iyer!
14th half-century for shreyas iyer! a solid knock by the indian batter so far.
india 117/4 in 24.2 overs, target 272
india vs bangladesh live score: iyer closing in on 50
this has been a fine innings from shreyas iyer so far, as he continues to hold one end. he is on 49 off 67 deliveries; axar, meanwhile, takes on shakib al hasan as the partnership reaches the fifty-run mark with a six from the left-handed batter!
india 116/4 in 24 overs. target 272
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: 100 up for india
india reach the three-figure mark at the end of the 22nd over of the innings. still require another 172 runs to win and the side needs shreyas iyer to stay long at the crease to have a shot at the target.
india 100/4
india vs bangladesh live score: 2 no-balls from mehidy
on both occasions, he hits the stumps at the non-striker's end while completing the delivery stride. a strange way to concede free-hits, this one!
shreyas iyer hits a four off the second free-hit to complete the 21nd over. india 94/4
india vs bangladesh live score: 20 overs up
india are in a dire need of a partnership similar to that of mehidy hasan and mahmudullah in bangladesh's innings.
80/4 in 20 overs, target 272
india vs bangladesh live score: boundary after 66 balls
shreyas iyer sweeps the delivery from nasum ahmed with disdain towards fine leg for a four.
india 69/4 in 19.1 over, target 272
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: axar patel joins iyer
left-handed batter axar patel joins shreyas iyer in the middle.
india vs bangladesh live score: out!
big wicket! who else but mehidy hasan miraz! he dismisses kl rahul on 14. kl rahul is trapped lbw in front of stumps for 14. india in trouble
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: nasum keeps things tight after drinks
only four off the 18th over. india 64/3
india vs bangladesh live score: ebadot troubling iyer with pace
ebadot hossain's delivery hits shreyas iyer on his shoulder but the batter seems fine. india have gone 53 deliveries without a boundary and iyer clearly doesn't want to increase the count, as he went for a pull shot and missed the line
india 60/3 in 17 overs. target 272
india vs bangladesh live score: rahul wary
kl rahul has had a quiet start so far, scoring 8 off 17 deliveries. shreyas iyer, meanwhile, is slowly finding feet after a couple of nervy deliveryes early on. he's batting on 22 off 38 deliveries.
india 56/3 in 15 overs. target 272
india vs bangladesh live score: 50 up for india
shreyas iyer takes india score to 50-run mark with a push through the sweeper cover area.
india 50/3 in 13.1 overs. target 272
india vs bangladesh live score: mustafizur back in attack
the left-arm pacer who had dismissed shikhar dhawan is back in attack for his third over
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: kl rahul joins iyer
stand-in skipper kl rahul joins shreyas iyer in what could be the match-defining stand here. india in desperate need of a partnership
india 39/3 in 10 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: wicket no.3!
and shakib strikes again! bit of extra bounce and sundar, who had already committed to the flick shot, fails to keep the bat down in time. caught at short cover! sundar goes for 11.
india vs bangladesh live score: shakib into the attack
shakib al hasan replaces nasum ahmed ahead of the 10th over. india 38/2
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: first six!
shreyas iyer slams the first six of indian innings against nasum ahmed. a much-needed boundary for india as nasum concedes 9 off the 8th over.
india 34/2 on 8 overs. target 272
india vs bangladesh live score: iyer, sundar wary
the bangladesh bowlers are keeping it tight from both ends. only 1 off the seventh over, india 25/2. target 272
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: spin back into attack
nasum ahmed replaces ebadot hossain. india 22/2 in 5 overs, target 272
india vs bangladesh live score: what a shot!
brilliant shot from washington sundar! fuller from mustafizur rahman and a little wide outside off, and sundar guides the ball to perfection through the long-off.
india 22/2 in 4.3 overs. target 272
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: washington sundar joins shreyas iyer
sundar has been promoted in the order and india are in a dire need of a partnership here.
india 13/2 in 3 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: another wicket!
this time, shikhar dhawan departs. extra bounce on the short-length delivery catches dhawan by surprise, and mehidy hasan can put no foot wrong as he takes a good catch at point. dhawan departs on 8, mustafizur rahman strikes!
india vs bangladesh live score: big appeal for lbw!
the umpire has give dhawan not out and litton das takes the review. dhawan has not offered a stroke.
dhawan is safe. the ball is missing the stumps by quite some margin there. bangladesh lose their first review
bangladesh 13/1 in 2.2 overs
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: out!
big wicket! virat kohli is out! ebadot hossain strikes! the bowler finds kohli's bottom edge that ricochets on to stumps! kohli goes for 5.
india 7/1 in 2 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: 6 off the first over
after scoring an unbeaten century, mehidy begins proceedings for bangladesh with the ball and concedes 6 off the first over.
india 6/0 in 1 over, target 272
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: kohli starts with a four!
virat kohli starts his innings with a first-ball four against mehidy hasan miraz! brilliant wristwork from the batter
india vs bangladesh live score: kohli opens with dhawan
virat kohli opens the innings alongside shikhar dhawan l in india's run-chase against bangladesh
india vs bangladesh live score: bangladesh 271/7 in 50 overs
what a knock. the bangladesh fans stand and applause mehidy hasan miraz for an excellent innings under pressure, as he remains unbeaten on 100 off 83 deliveries. mahmudullah, too, played a significant role, scoring 77 and playing the anchor role while mehidy took on an aggressive approach early on.
india vs bangladesh live score: century!!
mehidy hasan miraz smashes his maiden odi century! bangladesh end on 271/7
india vs bangladesh live score: mehidy hasan on 99
one delivery remaining in the innings!
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: another six!
this time over long-on! mehidy hasan miraz moves to 97! two balls remaining, bangladesh 268/7
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: mehidy hasan into his 90s!
what a shot! mehidy hasan smashes a maximum off shardul's second delivery off the over! three balls remaining, can he reach his century?
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: highest odi score for mehidy hasan
with the four off the final ball against umran, mehidy hasan has now reached his highest individual score in odis (85*)
india vs bangladesh live score: 250 up for bangladesh!
umran malik is being taken to cleaners by mehidy hasan! the batter moves into his 80s with a brilliant drive through the cover boundary. ends the over with a cheeky lofted shot towards third man for another four
umran ends with figures of 2/58 in 10 overs.
bangladesh 255/7, one over remaining
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: six!
nasum ahmed joins the party as soon as he arrives at the crease. a massive six over long-off boundary against mohammed siraj! the indian bowler ends with expensive figures of 2/73 in 10 overs.
bangladesh 241/7, two overs remaining
india vs bangladesh live score: mehidy facing cramps
mehidy hasan seems to have cramped up again at the non-striker's end and is currently being treated. bangladesh 233/7 in 43.2 overs
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: three overs remaining
umran malik's over ends with another four from mehidy hasan, thanks to a thick top edge that goes flying over the wicketkeeper for a boundary.
three overs remaining, bangladesh 231/7
india vs bangladesh live score: successive fours!
shots of authority. nasum ahmed takes on umran malik and smashes him for two straight drives immediately after mahmudullah's dismissal.
bangladesh 226/7 in 46.4 overs
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: out!
finally! umran malik breaks the record stand as he dismisses mahmudullah on 77. kl rahul with an excellent catch behind the wickets
bangladesh 217/7 in 46.1 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: big over!
siraj concedes 14 off his penultimate over as mahmudullah smashes the bowler for two fours and a couple. big four overs coming up in the innings
bangladesh 217/6 in 46 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: record stand for bangladesh
the partnership between mehidy hasan and mahmudullah (146*) is now the highest partnership for bangladesh for any wicket against india!
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: india under pressure
siraj concedes a free hit as the ball slips out of his hand, and mahmudullah punishes the bowler with a clever shot over mid-on for a four! runs raining for bangladesh at the moment.
210/6 in 45.2 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: 200 up for bangladesh
the side reaches the 200-run mark in the 45th over of the innings! five overs remaining, bangladesh 203/6
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: india all at sea
it had been a tight over from shardul thakur as he had conceded five off many deliveries, but mahmudullah charges against the bowler and opens the face of the bat, smashes the delivery through cover for a commanding four.
bangladesh 197/6 in 44 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: brilliant from virat
it almost looked as if the ball would go for a boundary but virat kohli makes an excellent effort in the deep to save two runs. india, though, desperately need to break this stand
bangladesh 186/6 in 42.4 overs
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: mehidy, mahmudullah shift gears
some good hitting from both batters as bangladesh inch closer to the 200-run mark.
183/6 in 42 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: 50 for mahmudullah
a well-deserved half-century for mahmudullah. he brings it in 74 deliveries; just the calm and composed knock bangladesh needed after a series of wickets during the early stage of the innings.
bangladesh 172/6 in 40.4 overs
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: 100-run partnership!
the partnership continues to grow stronger! the duo of mehidy hasan and mahmudullah adds 100 runs for the seventh wicket. certainly brings bangladesh back in the game.
169/6 in 40 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: sundar ends his spell
an impressive spell from washington sundar ends with the bowler ending with figures of 3/37.
11 overs remaining, bangladesh 167/6
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: 50 for mehidy hasan!
a brilliant half-century for mehidy hasan miraz! he reaches the mark in 52 deliveries with three fours and two sixes! the job isn't over but the batter has done a terrific job in stabilising the bangladesh innings after a flurry of dismissals early in the innings.
a third fifty for mehidy!
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: mahmudullah takes on umran malik
mahmudullah welcomes umran malik with a solid shot through midwicket boundary! the batter moves into his 40s
bangladesh 160/6 in 37.1 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: 15 overs remaining
a steady 79-run partnership from mehidy hasan and mahmudullah and it seems both are now slowly shifting gears. mehidy five away from his half-century
bangladesh 149/6 in 35 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: runs continue to flow
umran malik concedes a free hit and mahmudullah pounces on the opportunity, smashing the delivery over cover for a four.
mehidy moves into his 40s, while mahmudullah is playing the anchor knock with 34 off 50 deliveries.
bangladesh 144/6 in 34 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: umran malik returns
clearly, rahul wants a spice of pace to disturb the duo's rhythm here. mehidy and mahmudullah's partnership is taking a dangerous turn for india now
bangladesh 136/6 in 33 overs
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: first six of the innings!
mehidy goes big! he ends axar patel's fourth over with a massive six over the midwicket! the batter continues on his good form after the match-winning innings two nights ago
bangladesh 134/6 in 32 overs
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: almost!
shardul finds a top edge on the final delivery of the over as mehidy is unable to resist the pull shot on a short delivery. it falls safe, however, as the bowler concedes 2.
bangladesh 126/6 in 31 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: shardul thakur replaces sundar
bowling change for india after drinks as rahul opts for pace. shardul replaces sundar
india vs bangladesh live score: 50-run partnership!
both batters have added 50 runs for the seventh wicket and continue to go strong! mehidy hasan takes on axar patel and currently batting at run-a-ball.
bangladesh 124/6 in 30 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: partnership brewing
this could get frustrating for india soon. mahmudullah and mehidy hasan are forging a decent partnership here, as india now have spin from both ends.
bangladesh 108/6 in 28.1 overs
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: 100 up for bangladesh
decent over for bangladesh as they score 8 off axar's first. also, bangladesh reach the 100-run mark in their innings. so far, so good for mahmudullah and mehidy hasan
bangladesh 104/6 in 26 overs
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: axar into the attack
axar patel replaces mohammed siraj in the attack
india vs bangladesh live score: first four for mahmudullah
the only delivery which resulted in runs throughout siraj's seventh over.
bangladesh 93/6 in 24 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: watch ind vs ban live
watch india vs bangladesh 2nd odi as bangladesh aim at steering a fightback in dhaka!
india vs bangladesh live score: sundar concedes 3
bangladesh fans will be hopeful from this partnership, and both mahmudullah and mehidy hasan have started well. india just know too well how dangerous mehidy hasan can be, and will be eyeing a quick dismissal
bangladesh 89/6 in 23 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: siraj replaces umran
and he almost gets a wicket! siraj surprises mehidy hasan with a short-pitched delivery and the batter, going for a pull shot, finds a thick edge. kl rahul tries his best but fails to reach the ball in time.
bangladesh 86/6 in 22 overs
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: first four for bangladesh since 37 balls
mehidy hasan miraz smashes a boundary as sundar offers width outside off stump. the batter goes on the backfoot and cuts it through backward point
bangladesh 79/6 in 21 overs
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: 20 overs up
bangladesh require a kl rahul-esque innings from the first odi here. the side is six wickets down and with 30 overs remaining, this could end rather quickly if the batters don't play to the situation here.
bangladesh 71/6 in 20 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: out!
another wicket for washington sundar! afif hossain departs for a first-ball duck. bangladesh in serious trouble here.
sundar comes around the wicket and afif makes space for himself, and attempts a cut shot. a brave shot to play, especially when the side is half-down with over 30 overs remaining.
69/6 in 19 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: out!
successful review! washington sundar picks another big wicket as mushfiqur rahim departs for 12!
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: review from india
stand-in skipper kl rahul takes the review for a catch appeal on washington sundar's delivery
india vs bangladesh live score: mahmudullah joins mushfiqur
umran malik continues to bowl from the other end. a maiden from the pacer, as mushfiqur continues to defend. important partnership for bangladesh, this one
bangladesh 66/4 in 18 overs
ind vs ban live updates: out!
shakib al hasan departs! washington sundar gets the big man! the batter departs after dhawan barely manages to prevent a collision with siraj and safely takes the catch. sundar with the big wicket!
shakib loses his patience as he goes for a lofted sweep, but finds a top-edge. the ball goes behind the keeper and shikhar, who was standing at the slips, runs all the way towards short-fine leg to take the catch.
bangladesh 66/4 in 17 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: umran malik keeps things tight
another over of sheer pace from umran, he concedes only one. mushfiqur rahim prefers to play out his over and not attack the bowler.
bangladesh 64/3 in 16 overs
ind vs ban live updates: tight start from washington
he did concede a boundary but it was a decent start from the spinner, as he concedes six off his first over.
bangladesh 63/3 in 15 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: spin into the attack
washington sundar replaces shardul thakur for the 15th over of the innings
india vs bangladesh live updates, 2nd odi: mushfiqur rahim joins shakib
the two most experienced bangladesh batters in the middle now, and they face the task of bailing the side out of a tough situation here.
bangladesh 57/3 in 14 overs
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi 2022: out!
umran malik! pace is pace.
he absolutely destroys the stump as he castles shanto on 21! a little full from umran on the occasion, as he draws shanto to play on, but the batter completely misses the line. perhaps, the batter was expecting a shorter delivery from umran as that's how he troubled shakib all through the previous over
bangladesh 52/3 in 13.1 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: shanto releases pressure
a much-needed boundary for bangladesh and they go past the 50-run mark. shanto finds a boundary as he opens arms to cut a wide delivery from shardul square.
bangladesh 52/2 in 13 overs
india vs bangladesh live: umran malik bowls his first over
and shakib al hasan is hit on the helmet again. a sharp bouncer from umran malik to end the over! umran has kept shakib on strings with sheer pace and the batter was clearly uncomfortable. he didn't expect the ball to come at the speed at which it did, and was late to dodge the delivery. thankfully, shakib looks fine.
bangladesh 47/2 in 12 overs
ind vs ban live updates: shakib opens his arms
the bangladesh veteran takes on the bowlers early into his innings. a lofted shot against shardul that doesn't find the perfect timing but comfortably cleared the infield for a single.
bangladesh 47/2 in 11 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: shakib hit on helmet
the batter seemed a bit shaken but all seems to be alright. a scorching bouncer from siraj. the play resumes
bangladesh 44/2 in 10 overs
ind vs ban live updates: bcci statement on rohit
“india captain rohit sharma suffered a blow to his thumb while fielding in the 2nd odi. the bcci medical team assessed him. he has now gone for scans,” the bcci said in a tweet
india vs bangladesh live score: shakib al hasan joins shanto
bangladesh in a bit of trouble and onus on shakib to bail them out. excellent start from the left-hander, though, as he opens his mark with a cracking cover drive.
bangladesh 44/1 in 9.5 overs
india vs bangladesh live updates: out!
siraj with a big wicket! he dismisses litton das! full from siraj and litton goes for a straight drive but completely misses the line. brilliant start from the right-arm pacer!
bangaldesh 40/2 in 9.1 overs
ind vs ban live updates: update on rohit
the on-air commentator informs that rohit sharma has gone to hospital for a scan on his finger injury
india vs bangladesh live score: tempers flying!
siraj sledges nazmul hossain shanto and the batter replies in style, smashing a fuller delivery towards the long-on boundary for a four. the bowler ends the over with a beautiful delivery moving away from the left-hander as nazmul gets beaten. another bit of sledge from siraj. this ain't over yet!
bangladesh 38/1 in 8 overs
ind vs ban live score: shardul thakur replaces deepak chahar
decent start from shardul as he concedes only two. beats litton das with a late away movement and the bangladesh captain is certainly a bit taken aback by it.
bangladesh 30/1 in 7 overs
india vs bangladesh live updates: loose from siraj
siraj wanted to target a nervous shanto with a bouncer but ended up releasing some of it, as he bowled a tad too short. the ball goes over the wicketkeeper for a four. five-wides called!
bangladesh 28/1 in 6 overs
ind vs ban live score, 2nd odi: first four for litton
litton breaks free with an excellent shot through covers. he seemed to have been waiting for a delivery like this, low and allowed him to open his arms.
bangladesh 23/1 in 5 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: nervy start for shanto
mohammed siraj keeps shanto on the edge as he beats him twice, enticing the batter to play the cover drive. he eventually goes off the strike on the penultimate delivery as siraj concedes only one off the fourth over.
bangladesh 14/1 in 4 overs
ind vs ban live updates: nazmul hossain shanto joins litton das
deepak chahar keeps things tight from the other end, as he concedes only 2 runs off his second over.
bangladesh 13/1 in 3 overs
india vs bangladesh live score: out!
where did that come from! an absolute scorcher from siraj as the ball comes inward towards the batter with terrific speed and anamul's bat is nowhere near the delivery. hits him on the back pad and he's out plumb! bangladesh 11/1 in 1.5 overs
ind vs ban live score: rohit hurt!
rohit sharma has hurt his finger while going for a catch at slips and he's leaving the field. the injury looks a bit serious as rohit's finger starts bleeding almost instantly. bangladesh 11/0 in 11.3 overs
india vs bangladesh live updates: successive fours!
anamul haque takes on mohammed siraj! first, a four towards the midwicket and follows it up with a magnificent cover drive! ban 9/0 in 1.2 overs
ind vs ban live updates: first runs for bangladesh
anamul flicks the delivery towards the pad fine for bangladesh's first runs on the board.
india vs bangladesh live updates: deepak chahar begins proceedings
right-arm bowler deepak chahar begins proceedings for india against bangladesh. anamul haque on strike
ind vs ban live score: players take the field
the batters are out in the middle and the indian players are having last-minute chat in the team huddle. we are set for the match to begin!
india vs bangladesh live updates: golden opportunity for umran malik
umran malik was called in as a last-minute replacement for mohammed shami, and he gets a big chance in the second odi due to kuldeep sen's injury. the sensational speedster will be aiming to make an instant impact in india's must-win game in dhaka
ind vs ban live score: rohit, dhawan to keep opening spot
as expected, rohit and dhawan are likely to keep their opening spot as kl rahul remains at fifth position in the team sheet
india vs bangladesh live updates: rohit on the 1st odi loss
“going back to the drawing board and understanding how we need to play on this conditions, just the basic talk about what we need to do with the bat and how to handle certain bowlers. had good training session yesterday, and hopefully we can come out and replicate those learnings.”
ind vs ban live updates: bangladesh xi
najmul hossain shanto, litton das(c), anamul haque, shakib al hasan, mushfiqur rahim(w), mahmudullah, afif hossain, mehidy hasan miraz, nasum ahmed, ebadot hossain, mustafizur rahman
india vs bangladesh live: team india xi
rohit sharma(c), shikhar dhawan, virat kohli, shreyas iyer, kl rahul(w), washington sundar, axar patel, shardul thakur, deepak chahar, mohammed siraj, umran malik
ind vs ban live updates: update on kuldeep sen
“kuldeep sen complained of back stiffness following the first odi against bangladesh on sunday. the bcci medical team assessed him and has advised him rest. he was not available for selection for the 2nd odi,” a bcci statement says
india vs bangladesh live score: 2 changes for india
axar patel and umran malik replace shahbaz ahmed and kuldeep sen respectively for india in their must-win clash against bangladesh in dhaka
ind vs ban live score: toss update!
bangladesh have won the toss and opted to bat against india in dhaka
india vs bangladesh live updates: toss coming up!
toss coming up in five minutes for the 2nd odi between india and bangladesh. according to anjum chopra, the pitch is “still good to bat on, but you need to apply yourselves like kl and litton did in the first game”
india vs bangladesh 2nd odi: pressure on rohit and dhawan
both, rohit sharma and shikhar dhawan have been going through a poor patch with the bat and will be aiming for a strong comeback in the 2nd odi. while rohit, on his return to the format, was dismissed on 25, dhawan's scores in the last three odis are 3, 28, and 7
ind vs ban live updates: bangladesh's impressive record at home
bangladesh haven't lost an odi series at home since 2016. they've defeated sides like west indies and sri lanka during this time
india vs bangladesh live score 2nd odi: kl rahul on his wicketkeeping role
rishabh pant was ruled out of the odi series on the morning of the 1st match, with rahul donning the wicketkeeping gloves. here's what rahul had to say on the same:
"when it comes to rishabh i'm not very aware, to be honest. i just found out today, in the dressing room, that he's been released - i don't know what the reasons are, i think the medical team will be in a better situation to answer that question.
"but this is a role that the team's always asked me to be ready for in white-ball cricket, and i've done it before, and whenever the team wants me to play this role, i play this role."
ind vs ban live score: india in bangladesh
in the side's previous odi series in bangladesh, india had faced a 1-2 series loss, with the hosts winning the first two matches. will bangladesh be able to inflict a second-successive series defeat on rohit sharma's men?
india vs bangladesh live score 2nd odi: will india go with the same xi?
if axar patel is fit, he might make a return in the xi with shahbaz ahmed making a place for him. kuldeep sen was a bit expensive but looked impressive in patches and is likely to retain his place
ind vs ban live updates: bangladesh squad
najmul hossain shanto, litton das(c), anamul haque, shakib al hasan, mushfiqur rahim(w), mahmudullah, afif hossain, mehidy hasan miraz, ebadot hossain, hasan mahmud, mustafizur rahman, yasir ali, taskin ahmed, nasum ahmed, nurul hasan
india vs bangladesh live updates: decent debut from kuldeep sen
the result might not have ended in india's favour, but kuldeep sen can be satisfied with his debut outing in international colours. sen bowled only five overs and took two important wickets in the game, eventally ending with figures of 2/37
ind vs ban live score: bangladesh coach not to impressed despite win
bangladesh coach russell domingo believes the game shouldn't have gone too close.
“it shouldn't have been that tight. when we needed 59 runs with four wickets down, we were in a pretty good position. by far, not the perfect performance. there's a lot of work still to be done but to be able to win from that situation, says a lot about the team's character.”
india vs bangladesh live updates: team india squad
rohit sharma(c), shikhar dhawan, virat kohli, shreyas iyer, kl rahul(w), washington sundar, shahbaz ahmed, shardul thakur, deepak chahar, mohammed siraj, kuldeep sen, umran malik, rajat patidar, ishan kishan, rahul tripathi, axar patel
india vs bangladesh odi match: siraj shines with ball
mohammed siraj kept bangladesh batters in check throughout his spells in the 1st odi. he ended with impressive figures of 3/32 in 10 overs; however, he completed his over quota in the 40th over of the match, following which mehidy hasan steered a sensational run-chase for bangladesh
ind vs ban live: rahul's return in middle-order
kl rahul has largely opened for india across formats in the past few months; however, with a majority of first-teamers returning to the side, rahul played in the middle-order with rohit and dhawan opening for the side. and the 28-year-old didn't fail to impress as he remained the rare positive for the side, scoring 73 off 70 deliveries and playing a key role in india reaching 186 in dhaka
india vs bangladesh 2nd odi: rohit wants players to ‘learn’ from the mistakes
“i don't really know how much they can improve in a couple of practice sessions. i feel the genes are there and it's only about handling pressure. i am sure these guys will learn and we look forward to the next game,” rohit sharma had said after the loss in the 1st odi
ind vs ban live updates: a poor outing with the bat
india endured a poor outing with the bat in the game against bangladesh, with the side being bowled out on 186. kl rahul, who made a return to the team after being rested for the previous odi series against new zealand, was the lone fighter for the side with a 73-run knock; rohit sharma and virat kohli, however, failed with the bat on their return.
ind vs ban live score: what a start to the series!
the series saw a dramatic start in dhaka with mehidy hasan miraz emerging as a hero for bangladesh. with the side needing 51 runs to win and only a wicket remaining, mehidy forged an incredible partnership with mustafizur rahman and eventually hit the winning runs, remaining unbeaten on 37 off 38 deliveries.
india vs bangladesh live score, 2nd odi: hello and welcome!
hello and welcome to the live coverage of india vs bangladesh 2nd odi from dhaka! the hosts registered a memorable one-wicket victory in the first match, thanks largely to mehidy hasan who scored an unbeaten 38 when the side needed 51 runs to win with only a wicket remaining. rohit and co. will be aiming for a strong comeback in dhaka and level the series.
