pooja-vastrakar-ruled-out-uncapped-anjali-in-india-s-squad-for-australia-t20is-101669955896397.
india allrounder pooja vastrakar was ruled out due to an injury as selectors on friday picked promising uncapped left-arm pacer anjali sarvani for the upcoming five-match t20i series against australia beginning on december 9 in mumbai.
pooja, who led india c team in the women's t20 challenger in raipur, was "ruled out owing to an injury and was not considered for selection," said a statement issued by bcci secretary jay shah.
the 25-year-old andhra left-arm medium pacer anjali impressed with her tidy bowling display in poonam yadav-led india a's runners-up finish in the women's challenger earlier last month.
anjali was exceptional against india d and finished with figures of 2 for 11 from her three overs to clinch them a final spot. overall, she bagged three wickets from four matches and returned with a tidy economy rate of 5.50.
the australia series will also mark the return of maharashtra left-handed allrounder devika vaidya after more than four years.
the 25-year-old leg-spin allrounder, who made her debut way back in 2014 in a t20i against south africa, last made her international appearance against england in an odi match in 2018.
devika played a match-winning 27-ball 41 for india b in their four-wicket win over india c in the t20 challenger.
harmanpreet kaur will lead the side, while smriti mandhana will be her deputy.
india will play the first two t20is at the dy patil stadium on december 9 and 11, before moving to cci for the remaining three fixtures on december 14, 17 and 20.
the series will mark india's build-up to the t20 world cup in south africa beginning february 10.
india squad for australia odis:
harmanpreet kaur (captain), smriti mandhana (vice-captain), shafali verma, yastika bhatia (wicket-keeper), jemimah rodrigues, deepti sharma, radha yadav, rajeshwari gayakwad, renuka singh thakur, meghna singh, anjali sarvani, devika vaidya, s meghana, richa ghosh (wicket-keeper) and harleen deol.
