live-score-india-vs-new-zealand-3rd-odi-2022-ind-vs-nz-latest-match-updates-at-hagley-oval-christchurch-101669731749961.

india vs new zealand 3rd odi highlights: the third odi between india and new zealand at christchurch was called off due to rain. with this outcome, new zealand win the three-match series 1-0. the hosts had won the series opener by seven wickets and the following two matches were abandoned due to rain. the third odi saw new zealand win toss and invite india to bat first. india got off to a slow start and lost wickets at regular intervals. washington sundar scored 51, while shreyas iyer chipped in with 49 as india were bundled up for 219 in 47.3 overs. new zealand, in response, started cautiously but some solid batting by devon conway and finn allen put new zealand in a commanding position. allen scored 57 before getting out to umran malik. he along with conway stitched 97 runs for the opening wicket. new zealand were batting at 104/1 in 18 overs before umpires signaled for the covers. a minimum of 20 overs is required to decide an outcome. catch the highlights of ind vs nz:

follow all the updates here:
india vs new zealand live score: match called off, nz win series
the 3rd and final odi between india and new zealand has been called off due to rain.
india, who opted to bat first, were bundled out for 219 in 47.3 overs.
new zealand, in response, were batting at 104/1 after 18 overs, before rain stopped play.
with this new zealand win the three-match series 1-0.

india vs new zealand live score: umpires chat with groundstaff
it is still raining persistently at the moment and spectators too have started to leave the venue. meanwhile, the umpires are having a chat with the groundstaff.
india vs new zealand live score: what will happen if rain doesn't stop
we still have sufficient time to reach to a conclusion at hagley oval. if the match resumes soon, new zealand will easily march off as winners, given the scenario the contest stands at the moment.
it's almost 21:00 local time in christchurch and we have over an hour left before umpire decides to call it off. any such decisions will be taken around 22:30 local time.
india vs new zealand live score: rain continues to pour
the intensity of the rain has slightly reduced but it is still pouring.
meanwhile the showers fail to dampen the spirits off the field as kids can be seen playing on grass banks.
the groundstaff are jostling hard, not to allow any water to collect as the wait continues.
india vs new zealand live score: rain brings some respite to india
rain brings some respite to india as umpire signals for the covers. it started with light drizzle but has now intensified.
the good news is we need 20 overs minimum to reach an outcome. so far only 18 overs have been bowled.
india vs new zealand live score: umran malik finally breaks the opening partnership
umran malik finally breaks the opening partnership between finn allen and devon conway. he dismisses allen for 57(54) as kane williamson joins in.
dhawan, who is in search of wickets, gets his strike bowler arshdeep singh back into the attack. he concedes seven runs in his over as new zealand reach 104/1 in 18 overs.
they now need 116 runs to win.
india vs new zealand live score: fifty for finn allen
finn allen brings up his fifty in style as he smashes washington sundar for a mighty six over long-off. meanwhile, nz reach 93/0 after 16 overs.
india vs new zealand live score: just a couple of singles
just a couple of singles come off umran malik's over as new zealand reach 84/0 in 15 overs. conway is batting on 30, while allen is inching towards his half century.
india vs new zealand live score: superb batting display by devon conway and finn allen
devon conway and finn allen are going strong here. even if they are not hitting the boundaries, they have kept the scoreboard ticking. three runs come off the 14th over bowled by washington sundar as nz move to 82/0. they need another 138 runs to win.
india vs new zealand live score: good recovery by umran malik
good recovery by umran malik as he concedes just four runs in his third over. nz move to 79/0 after 13 overs.
india vs new zealand live score: ind introduce spin
india introduce spin as washington sundar comes into the attack. he starts with a four-run over.
india vs new zealand live score: another expensive over by umran malik
another expensive over by umran malik as he is hit for two consecutive fours by finn allen. the opening pair, which started slowly, have picked up the pace and are now scoring at almost run a ball. nz: 71/0 (11 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: conway hits four 4s in one over
three back to back boundaries by devon conway against deepak chahar, following which he plays a dot and again hits the pacer for another four. 16 runs come off the over as the pair of conway and allen stitch 59 runs in 10 overs.
india vs new zealand live score: expensive start by umran
umran malik starts with a nine-run over as new zealand inch close to 50. finn allen plays a cracking shot in the final ball of the over, which races to the long-of fence. nz: 43/0 after 9 overs
india vs new zealand live score: another chance wasted
arshdeep singh bowls a bouncer, which takes the leading edge of finn allen's bat. the ball balloons up in the air as shouts of ‘catch it’ can be heard again. washington sundar positioned at fine leg fails to judge it and overruns. the ball lands next to him and rolls over for a boundary. nz: 34/0 (8 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: chance but not taken
deepak chahar bowls a length ball, which was angling towards the off stump. finn allen gets an outside edge but the passes between the two slip fielders for a four. shubman gill and suryakumar yadav were positioned there and niether of the two made any movement towards the ball. nz: 28/0 (7 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: two boundaries
arshdeep once again misses his length and bowls it on the leg stump line. the ball takes a deflection of finn allen's body and goes past the keeper for a four.
allen then plays the ball straight towards arshdeep on his followthrough. the bowler, however, just manages to get his fingertips to it.
he then bowls it wide and allen swings his bat only to get a top edge. however, the ball flies over the slip cordon for another boundary.
nz: 23/0 (6 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: what a shot by conway
what a shot by devon conway as deepak chahar bowls it full, offers width. conway gently pushes the ball in the gap on the offside the outfield takes care of rest of it.
six runs come off the over. nz: 15/0 after 5 overs
india vs new zealand live score: shouts of ‘catch it’
shouts of ‘catch it’ by arshdeep singh as he bangs it short. conway's shot doesn't reach the fielder placed at fine leg as he completes a single.
the pacer then misses his line in the third ball, bowls it outside the leg stump and is played behind the wicketkeeper by finn allen for a boundary.
five runs come off his over as nz reach 9/0 after four overs.
india vs new zealand live score: deepak chahar keeps thing tight
deepak chahar keeps thing tight as he concedes two singles in his over. nz: 4/0 (3 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: excellent over by arshdeep
an excellent over by arshdeep singh as he bowls a maiden. the pacer gets plenty of movement in the air. nz: 2/0 (2 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: arshdeep singh shares new ball duties
deepak chahar starts with a two-run over as arshdeep singh shares the new ball duties with him.
arshdeep singh starts with an excellent ball, tempts batter to poke his bat as the ball moves away from him.
india vs new zealand live score: the chase begins
finn allen and devon conway walkout to open the new zealand inning. they need 220 runs to win. deepak chahar leads the attack for india.
india vs new zealand live score: washington sundar slams 50, ind all-out for 219
washington sundar reaches his fifty in style as he whacks tim southee for a six over the mid-wicket fence. he takes 62 deliveries to reach the milestone.
the batter, however, is caught-behind in the same over as he departs for 51. with this the indian innings is bundled up for 219.
india vs new zealand live score: daryl mitchell picks his 3rd wicket
daryl mitchell picks his 3rd wicket as he traps arshdeep singh lbw for 9. the -ball swung back into the left-hander, who tried to play it across the line but fails to make any connection. the ball goes and hits his pads and it's an easy decision for the umpire.
ind: 213/9 (47 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: arshdeep singh hits six
tim southee comes to bowl the 46th over and beats arshdeep singh in the first five balls. the batter finally make a connection in the final ball, which sails over the backward square leg fence for a six. ind: 212/8
india vs new zealand live score: santner strikes
mitchell santner comes to bowl his second over and is welcomed by a boundary by washington sundar. he passes the strike to yuzvendra chahal in the following delivery.
chahal then swings his bat but only manages to get an edge, which is taken by tim southee.
arshdeep singh is the new batter in and he scores three runs in the first two balls he faced.
10 runs come off the over as india reach 206/8 after 45 overs.
india vs new zealand live score: ferguson completes his quota
lockie ferguson completes his quota. a single in the over came off yuzvendra chahal's shoulders and receives medical attention straightaway. ind: 196/7 after 44 overs.
india vs new zealand live score: new zealand introduces spin in 43rd over
mitchell santner finally comes into the attack as he concedes five runs. india reach 189/7 in 43 overs.
india vs new zealand live score: maiden over by matt henry
matt henry finishes his quota. although he doesn't pick a single wicket but concedes just 29 runs, which include two maidens. ind: 180/7 (41 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: washington sundar stands tall
yuzvendra chahal opens his account with three runs. the batter stands tall against a length ball by lockie ferguson and punches it in the gap on the square of the wicket.
washington sundar, who is fighting a lone battle here, follows it up with a classic shot as he plays it straight past the bowler for a boundary. ind: 180/7 (40 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: another one bites the dust
a couple of boundaries by washington sundar and deepak chahar follows it up with another six in the next over. however, he falls immediately after hitting the six as daryl mitchell picks his second wicket of the match.
ind: 170/7 (37 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: what a shot!
deepak chahar hits a brilliant six off daryl mitchell. the bowler pitches it slightly up and chahar plays it straight over the bowler's head for a six.
ind: 156/6 (35 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: deepak hooda falls
tim southee strikes as deepak hooda departs for 12(25). it was a short delivery, deviating away from the leg stump and the batter gets a faint edge, which settles in the wicketkeeper's gloves. the ball was, however, signaled a wide, following which new zealand took the drs.
tv replay confirmed there was an edge.
deepak chahar is the new batter in. ind: 149/6 (34 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: williamson goes back to daryl mitchell
williamson goes back to daryl mitchell, who bowls an excellent over. there was a huge lbw appeal against hooda, and he followed it up by bowling an excellent bouncer.
three runs come from his over. ind: 148/5 (33 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: excellent stuff by matt henry
excellent stuff by matt henry as he gets the ball to swing back into deepak hooda. the first one hits the thighs of hooda, which is followed by a huge lbw appeal.
the second time the ball beats the edge by inches. three runs come off the over as india reach 145/5 after 32 overs.
india vs new zealand live score: good shot by washington sundar
williamson now hands the ball to tim southee, who starts with a dot. hooda and sundar then combine to keep the scoreboard ticking, before sundar plays an excellent drive, which beats the mid-on fielder and races for a four.
ind: 142/5 (31 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: attacking captaincy by williamson
attacking captaincy by kane williamson as he looks to wrap up the indian innings. he gets his strike bowler matt hendry back into the attack and just one run come off his over. ind: 135/5 (30 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: milne finishes his quota
adam milne finishes his quota as he scalps three wickets and concedes 57 runs. ind: 134/5 (29 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: sundar plays a ‘sundar’ shot
a beautiful shot by washington sundar as ferguson misses his line. the bowler pitches on the leg stump line and sundar knocks it past the mid-wicket fielder for a boundary. ind: 131/5 (28 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: hooda, sundar keep scoreboard ticking
deepak hooda and washington sundar keep the scoreboard ticking as five runs come off the over bowled by adam milne. ind: 126/5 (27 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: shreyas iyer departs
wickets fall in quick succession for india as shreyas iyer falls for 49 off 59 balls. the batter is dismissed by lockie ferguson after he got an edge, which flew towards devon conway.
washington sundar and deepak hooda are the new batters in the middle. ind: 121/5 (26 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: milne strikes, suryakumar yadav departs
adam milne is brought into the attack and he starts his over on a strong note.
bowls a length ball, which takes the outside edge of suryakumar's bat and is collected by tim southee at first slip. he departs for 6(10).
meanwhile, shreyas iyer remains unfazed despite wickets tumbling at other end. he times it sweetly, to send the ball for a four on the off side.
ind: 116/4 (25 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: powerful shot by shreyas iyer
lockie ferguson is reintroduced into the attack and he concedes three runs in his first ball. iyer, who is scoring the bulk of runs at this moment, then whacks the pacer for a boundary, square of the wicket and then completes another double.
ind: 110/3 (24 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: sky, iyer keep rotating strike
suryakumar yadav and shreyas iyer keep rotating the strike as four runs come off the over bowled by daryl mitchell. with this india also breach the 100-run mark. ind: 101-3 (23 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: back-to-back boundaries
shreyas iyer hits adam milne for consecutive fours as 10 runs come off his over. ind reach 97/3 after 22 overs.
india vs new zealand live score: pant's struggle continues
daryl mitchell strikes with a short ball as rishabh pant plays it straight to glenn phillips at mid-wicket fence. he departs for 10(16).
suryakumar yadav is the new batter in as india reach 87/3 in 21 overs
india vs new zealand live score: pant, iyer stabalise things
rishabh pant and shreyas iyer have stabalise things at the moment as india reach 85/2 after 20 overs. the pair have added 30 runs from 42 deliveries. pant is batting on10(13), while iyer is playing on 27(40).
india vs new zealand live score: shreyas iyer on the charge
two boundaries from the bat of shreyas iyer. his problems against the short ball may be an open secret but that doesn't stop him from playing his shots and it came off twice. ind: 74/2 (17 overs)
ind vs nz live score: an uneventful over
just three runs from lockie ferguson over and the umpires have called for drinks. which side will be happier? it's more even at the moment. ind: 65/2 (16 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: milne continues to keep things tight
adam milne continues to keep things tight as he concedes just one run in the over. ind: 62/2 (15 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: pant starts strong
new zealand introduce lockie ferguson into the attack. so it's a contest between the new bowler and the batter. pant wins the initial battle, as he charges down the track and connects it well enough to send the ball towards the mid-wicket fence.
six runs come off the over. ind: 61-2 (14 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: dhawan departs
another tidy over by milne and he also gets the wicket of shikhar dhawan. the left-handed batter once again charges down the track but gets an inside edge, which goes back to hit the stumps. he departs for 28(45). ind: 55/2 (13 overs)
ind vs nz live score: shreyas iyer is dropped
matt henry comes to bowl his sixth over and shreyas iyer is dropped at third man by adam milne. the batter sneak a single. if we look at the catch, it was a simple opportunity and milne was under the ball. he gets his hands, but fails to hold on to it.
iyer then goes to hit henry for a four in the same over.
ind: 52/1 after 12 overs
ind vs nz live score: good recovery by adam milne
after an expensive start, adam milne concedes just three runs in the following over. ind: 46/1 after 11 overs.
ind vs nz live score: matt henry bowls a maiden over
matt henry keeps thing tight and bowls a maiden. india finish the first 10 overs with 43 on the board for the loss of one wicket.
india vs new zealand live score: gill departs but plenty of boundaries
an expensive over by adam milne, which also gets new zealand the wicket of shubman gill.
the over started with gill showing his class and whacking the pacer for consecutive fours, before he was caught by santner inside the circle. he departs for 13 (22).
shreyas iyer then joins proceedings and hits the bowler for another four. ind: 43/1 (9 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: dhawan takes charge
dhawan once again does what he has been doing so far. he charges down the track against matt henry and plays it square of the wicket for a four.
he attempts something similar, which flies over the mid-on fielder as the batters sneak a double. he then finishes the over with another cracking boundary, square of the wicket.
ind: 31/0 (8 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: gill tries to follow dhawan
two aerial shots by shubman gill as he comes down the track on both occasions, and both shots fetch two runs. the ball got slow after bouncing on the field. the first one was hit straight, while the second one went square of the wicket. ind: 21/0 (7 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: gill finally opens his account
shubman gill finally opens his account as he gets a single against matt henry. meanwhile, the bowler has kept things tight as just that single come off the over. ind: 17/0 (6 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: great contest between dhawan and southee
we're witnessing a great contest between shikhar dhawan and tim southee. as dhawan continues to use his feet, southee bangs it short, which is defended well by the batter.
southee bowls a maiden over. ind: 16/0 (5 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: matt henry almost had gill packing
a tight over by matt henry as he concedes just one run. he also had shubman gill packing on 0, with the ball missing the edge by inches in the final delivery of the over. gill has so far played eight balls and is yet to open his account. ind: 16/0 (4 overs)
india vs new zealand live score: good intent by dhawan
shikhar dhawan is making great use of his feet. he did that in the previous delivery, which went towards the keeper, but manages to connect the second one. the ball flies over the long-on fence for a six.
eight runs come off the over as ind reach 15/0 after 3 overs.
india vs new zealand live score: dhawan hits a 4
matt henry shares the new ball duties with southee. the pacer starts with two dots, before dhawan comes down the track and gently pushes the ball over the fielders in the circle, which races away for four square of the wicket.
five runs come off the over as ind reach 6/0 after 2 overs.
india vs new zealand live score: southee starts strong
tim southee starts strong as just one single come off the first over. there is movement but not threatening enough to derail the indian batting line-up. ind: 1/0 (1 over)
india vs new zealand live score: here we go!
shikhar dhawan and shubman gill walk out in the middle to kick-off the proceedings. tim southee will lead the attack for hosts.
india vs new zealand live score: pre-match rituals
the players of both side walk out in the middle for the pre-match rituals.
as usual, there is good support for the visitors, no matter where the team travels.
india vs new zealand live score: rishabh pant before toss
“i would choose to bat in the top order in t20is, number 4-5 in odis and in test i'm batting at 5.”
india vs new zealand live score: playing xis
india: shikhar dhawan(c), shubman gill, suryakumar yadav, shreyas iyer, rishabh pant(w), deepak hooda, washington sundar, deepak chahar, umran malik, arshdeep singh, yuzvendra chahal
new zealand: finn allen, devon conway, kane williamson(c), daryl mitchell, tom latham(w), glenn phillips, mitchell santner, adam milne, matt henry, tim southee, lockie ferguson
india vs new zealand live score: india field unchanged squad
new zealand make one change as adam milne comes in place of michael bracewell in the playing xi.
india field the same xi as their previous match.
india vs new zealand live score: toss
new zealand win the toss, opt to field.
india vs new zealand live score: pitch report by ashish nehra and murali kartik.
"it looks quite green and the record overall here shows that 280 is the average score batting first. it is a firm surface but there is a lot of a live grass on this. cloud cover is on and definitely there will be a lot in it for the pacers."
india vs new zealand live score: skies clearing up
the skies have cleared, good signs for india, who would look to finish the match on a strong note.
india vs new zealand live score: looks like a delayed toss
the umpires have a chat with shikhar dhawan, who is still in his shorts. the covers are also being removed as the indian team walkout of the dugout to start their warm-ups
looks like a delayed toss at the moment.
india vs new zealand live score: toss likely to be delayed
good news the rain has stopped as new zealand players warm-up ahead of the proceedings. however, chances are that the toss can be delayed.
india vs new zealand live score: covers on, drizzling at the moment
meanwhile, the covers are on and it is drizzling at the moment. the good news is that the intensity of the drizzle is very less. we hope the conditions to get better and hope the toss is done with at the scheduled time.
india vs new zealand live score: a perfect venue for new zealand pace battery
new zealand pace battery, which features matt henry, tim southee and lockie ferguson, couldn't ask for a better venue to help new zealand finish the series on a strong note.
india vs new zealand live score: focus on dhawan and gill
the opening pair of shikhar dhawan and shubman gill has given india a strong start but at a slow pace. both the batters have shown good intent, but dhawan in particular will have to be more consistent. the indian skipper scored 72 off 77 balls in the first match but was packed for 3 in the following contest.
meanwhile, his partner gill has accumulated runs in both the matches, scoring 50 in the first and then playing an unbeaten knock of 45 in the second.
india vs new zealand live score: what is the average score at hagley oval
with the series at stake, shikhar dhawan and co. would aim for a strong show at the hagley oval, which has the reputation of assisting the seamers. the average score at this venue ranges around 280 range in the past few years.
india vs new zealand live score: how has rain impacted the series
out of the five limited-over matches in new zealand - 3 t20is, and 2 odis - two matches didn't yield any results. the first t20i was abandoned without a bowl being bowled.
then india went to beat new zealand by 65 runs in the second t20i, before rain forced the third to end in a tie.
as the action shifted to 50-overs, the hosts secured a handsome win in the opener, but the following contest was once again washed out due to rain.
india vs new zealand live score: will sanju samson play
it will be interesting to see if the management decides to keep sanju samson in the playing xi. samson played the first odi but was dropped in the second.
india vs new zealand live score: what does the forecast say
the second odi in hamilton could only see 12.5 overs being bowled before the umpires decided to call off the match. the conditions look similar as action shifts to christchurch. as per the forecast, scattered showers and ample breaks between play is expected to hinder the proceedings.
india vs new zealand live score: full squads
new zealand: finn allen, devon conway, kane williamson(c), daryl mitchell, tom latham(w), glenn phillips, mitchell santner, michael bracewell, matt henry, tim southee, lockie ferguson, james neesham, adam milne
india: shikhar dhawan(c), shubman gill, suryakumar yadav, shreyas iyer, rishabh pant(w), deepak hooda, washington sundar, deepak chahar, umran malik, arshdeep singh, yuzvendra chahal, sanju samson, kuldeep yadav, shardul thakur
india vs new zealand live score: hello and welcome!
hello and welcome to the live coverage of the third odi between india and new zealand at hagley oval in christchurch. the match will start at 07:00 am ist and the toss for the same will take place around 06:30 am ist. stay tuned for all updates on the match!
