nineteen-weeks-straight-in-india-can-be-tough-david-warner-s-warning-to-cameron-green-ahead-of-ipl-101669640027943.
australia all-rounder cameron green has confirmed his participation in the mini-auction for the indian premier league (ipl) 2023. earlier speculations were rife that the the 23-year-old might not take part in the indian league and devote his energy to playing for his country. green said that ipl would help him get world-class exposure and improve his abilities in the game. however, australia opener and teammate david warner has cautioned the youngster about the burnout and heavy toll the indian conditions will have on his fitness and form.
''nineteen weeks straight in india, being your first trip there as well can be quite challenging - from the heat perspective, the playing, the recovery,'' warner said ahead of australia's test series against the west indies.
also read | ‘there is no venom in ind’s bowling’: ex-pak star highlights big concern for men in blue, comments ‘nothing is changing’
''i've been through it, i've done the test series and the ipl. it is tough. then on the back of that, you've got five test matches in england. then i think you've got 20 days off before you go to south africa and then go to a world cup," he added.
citing example of teammate glenn maxwell, warner said "''glenn maxwell did it a couple of years ago, played the whole year and then was cooked come the (australian) season".
however, the australian opener was quick to add that green's decision will be respected by the players and it was upto him and australian cricket board to decided the best thing.
''from a youngster's point of view it's totally up to him, it's his decision to make. for the longevity of him and his career, it's a big call for him as a youngster. whatever decision he goes with we'll respect it as players. but ultimately, it's down to him and ca,'' warner concluded. the ipl 2023 mini-auction is set to be held in kochi on december 23, 2022.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
