there-is-no-venom-in-ind-s-bowling-ex-pak-star-highlights-big-concern-for-men-in-blue-comments-nothing-is-changing-101669642156900.
team india's bowling has always remained a concern and it was exposed during the asia cup earlier this year. the men in blue suffered tough defeats against pakistan and sri lanka and failed to qualify for the semifinals. a similar scene was witnessed at the t20 world cup, played in australia, where india were hammered by 10 wickets in the semifinals against jos buttler's england.
the same was highlighted by mohammad kaif on sunday. the former india cricketer, who is part of the commentary panel at the ongoing india-new zealand series, spoke about it in length. [here's what kaif said]
former pakistan opener salman butt is the latest member to speak on the subject. sharing some words of advice for the indian think tank, butt said that the management looks content with medium pace, but it isn't helping india's case at all.
watch - ‘these autographed arms are now worth 40 lakhs’: young pakistan fans go bonkers after meeting babar azam
“india seriously have to think about it - whether they want to bring in their fast bowlers and use them or stick to the medium pacers. why don’t you give chances to pacers who have speed and let them gain experience?
“when you are playing with that tried and tested 130 kph bowlers, it looks like nothing is changing,” butt noted while speaking on his youtube channel.
he also commented on the current set of pacers, who are engaged in the new zealand series, asserting the department “lacked venom.” he stated that apart from umran malik, no other bowlers can pose a threat to kiwi batters.
also read | 'to be back here after 17 yrs...': ben stokes comes up with incredible gesture for pakistan before historic test series
“there is no venom in team india’s bowling that can threaten new zealand. umran malik bowled with pace. the runs he conceded was because of his speed, but he took wickets. except the last 2-3 overs, he was not as expensive as the others. the rest of the bowling looks pretty average on a good batting track. on a good pitch, the strength of india’s bowling is very limited.
“if batters score 375-370, then india win the game. but if they score between 280 and 310-320, then things become difficult. they need to think seriously on all those lines,” he said.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
