these-autographed-arms-are-now-worth-40-lakhs-young-pakistan-fans-go-bonkers-after-meeting-babar-azam-watch-101669560958837.
considered by many to be one of the greatest cricketers from pakistan, babar azam has an ever-growing fanbase with people from every age group. so it wasn't a surprise to see the reaction of some young fans to the pakistan captain, after meeting him and mohammad rizwan. the pakistan cricket team is currently practicing in islamabad ahead of their three-match test series vs england, scheduled to begin from december 1.
a video which has gone viral on social media shows young fans expressing their delight at meeting babar and rizwan. the children can be shown showing off babar's autographs on the bat and arms. meanwhile, one fan stated that his autographed bat by bat was now worth pkr 5 lakhs, while another stated that his autographed arms are worth pkr 40 lakhs. he also stated that rizwan gave him a kiss on his cheeks.
also read | india captain shikhar dhawan reveals why sanju samson was dropped for 2nd odi vs new zealand
"this bat has become worth 40 lakhs now," one fan exclaimed. another stated, "these arms are now worth 40 lakhs." meanwhile, one fan said, "rizwan kissed me on my cheeks and it felt good."
here is the video:
cricket may be a dying sport but not in this country pic.twitter.com/3cserujgbg
also the england team has arrived in pakistan after a gap of 17 years to play test matches. the team was taken directly to their hotel, with no delay. england toured pakistan two months ago to play a seven-match t20i series which the visitors won 4-3. meanwhile, ben stokes had a message for the pakistan team on his arrival. the all-rounder took to twitter and wrote, "hello pakistan".
the first test match between pakistan and england will be held on december 1, in rawalpindi, followed by the second test from december 9 in multan. meanwhile, the final test will take place in karachi from december 17.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
