jasprit-bumrah-hints-at-india-comeback-after-long-injury-layoff-with-encouraging-three-word-post-mumbai-indians-react-101669634103547.
jasprit bumrah has been out of action since september-end. india's premier fast bowler, who developed a stress fracture in his back, had to miss the asia cup due to injury and although he returned to play a couple of matches against australia at home, the injury re-surfaced as a result of which, bumrah had to miss the t20 world cup. bumrah's absence was felt dearly as india crashed out of the world cup, losing to england by 10 wickets in the semifinal. as team india and its fans wait for the pacer to be regain fitness, the bcci is yet to come up with any official word as to when bumrah will fully recover.
a stress fracture can take up to 5-6 months to heal completely. thankfully for india, bumrah need not undergo any surgery as adequate rest is enough for the fracture to heal. as of now, there is no fixed timeline as to when bumrah will return, but a latest post by the india pacer hints that the wait might end sooner than later. on twitter, bumrah dropped a three-word encouraging post hinting that he may be back in action soon. "good times ahead," he wrote.
good times ahead ✨️ pic.twitter.com/ccivv3kx7d
reacting to the post on instagram, ipl franchise mumbai indians, which bumrah has been an integral part of since 2013, wrote: "the sunday smile". fans began to wonder whether mi commenting on the post could mean that bumrah's comeback assignment could well be the ipl 2023 which is expected to begin from either late march or early april. it is a strong possibility because the indian team will play all its matches at home between now and ipl, and given how the team management has been careful in not giving bumrah too many home matches to play, the pacer's return to top-flight cricket might actually take place in the ipl.
bumrah, currently training at the nca, had posted a video of his training where the india pacer could be seen undergoing intense training and rehabilitation and hitting the straps. earlier, former bcci chairman of selectors chetan sharma had insisted on the importance of proper rest being given to bumrah. when bumrah was not named in any of india's squads for the new zealand or bangladesh series, sharma was asked to provide an update on the fast bowler's injury. but while he did not lay out the exact details, sharma sounded confident of bumrah's return.
"he will be back soon. hoping we will play for india again soon. we hurried jasprit bumrah before the t20 world cup and you saw what happened. so, we want to be patient now. nca team is looking after him well. right now, we are a little cautious about including bumrah. when we rest a player, there is a reason behind it," he had said.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
