ben-stokes-comes-up-with-incredible-gesture-for-pakistan-before-historic-test-series-to-be-back-here-after-17-yrs-101669631592488.
england skipper ben stokes has come up with an incredible gesture ahead of the historic test series between the three lions and hosts pakistan. for the first time in 17 years, england are touring the asian nation. babar azam-led pakistan and stokes' england are scheduled to play a three-match test series as a part of the ongoing edition of the icc world test championship. pakistan will meet stokes-led england in the test series opener at the rawalpindi cricket stadium on tuesday.
taking to twitter on the eve of the 1st test match between the two nations, england skipper stokes has revealed that he will be donating his entire match fees from the upcoming test series to the flood victims in pakistan. england's test captain and t20 world cup 2022 winner also shared a lengthy note to express solidarity with flood victims on the microblogging site.
also read: watch: gaikwad smashes 7 sixes in an over to script unthinkable world record
“it is great to be in pakistan for the first time for this historic series. to be back here after 17 years as a test side is very exciting. there is a sense of responsibility amongst the playing and support group and to be here is special. the floods that devastated pakistan earlier this year was very sad to see and has had significant impact on the country and the people,” stokes said.
"the game has given me a lot in my life and i feel it's only right to give something back that goes far beyond cricket. i will be donating my match fees from this test series to the pakistan flood appeal. hopefully this donation can go towards the rebuilding of areas of pakistan most affected by the flooding," stokes added. after winning the icc world t20 2022 in australia, stokes-led england side opted to spend a week in abu dhabi before arriving in pakistan on november 26th for the three-match test series.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
