prithvi-shaw-ruturaj-gaikwad-are-there-but-this-guy-will-give-you-big-hundreds-ashish-nehra-s-staggering-prediction-for-shubman-gill-101669622174255.
following india's disappointing exit from the t20 world cup, the team has undergone a transition phase, especially in t20is with hardik pandya leading the younger crop and ushering them into the next era. india's tour of new zealand is the first step towards the goal that is mission t20 world cup 2024, and with a good couple of years to go, this younger bunch is expected to take indian cricket forward and do what ms dhoni and his young brigade achieved in 2007.
what holds india in even greater stead is the availability of so many promising youngsters. barring the current squad that played the t20is and is currently in the middle of the odi series in new zealand, many more emerging stars are waiting. names like prithvi shaw and ruturaj gaikwad who are setting the domestic circuit of fire, come to mind as both are solid openers and can serve india in that role in future. however, former left-arm quick ashish nehra believes that shubman gill ahead in the pecking order and is the leading contender to become india's next full-time opener.
"shubman gill is one guy who is going to give you big hundreds in 50-overs and test cricket. he is someone who plays according to the situation and conditions and that's what he has been doing here as well. before rain, he had a different mindset and after the break, when suryakumar yadav was batting gloriously, he (gill) had a different mindset because he has all these gears. he is one of the shining lights. there are too many names - prithvi shaw, ruturaj gaikwad - but shubman gill is right up there and there is no doubt about that," nehra said while speaking to prime video during the 2nd odi between india and new zealand in hamilton that was washed out.
nehra has seen gill's growth and progress during the youngster's time at gujarat titans earlier this year in ipl 2022. and nehra, who is gt's head coach could well be spot on in his assessment. gill has been in red-hot form while playing for india this year. in the west indies, the 23-year-old scored 205 runs from three odis, including two fifties and tallied 245 runs in three innings against zimbabwe, during which he registered his maiden century for india.
gill took that form forward and is continuing it in new zealand, where he scored a half-century in the 1st odi in auckland and remained unbeaten on 45 at seddon park.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
