its-a-craft-i-haven-t-been-exposed-to-too-much-australia-s-big-hitting-cameron-green-registers-for-ipl-2023-auction-101669620503231.
australia all-rounder cameron green has confirmed that he would take part in the mini-auction for the indian premier league 2023.the right-handed batter is one of the biggest rising stars in world cricket today. the combined ability of bowling pace and power-hitting, makes him a hot cake for the ipl teams.
green talked about how ipl would help him as a cricketer and anticipated the world-class exposure that he would get in the league.
also read: 'there are players who are going from here to bangladesh': jadeja's brutal dig at dravid for taking break from nz tour
"i have registered for it. it will be an exciting opportunity," green was quoted as saying by cricket.com.au on their 'unplayable' podcast.
"speaking to a lot of guys, especially in the wa (western australia) set up about their experiences in the ipl, they speak so highly of it. they speak about the quality coaches that you are around, the quality players that you are around. they are all the best in the world at their craft. it is a craft that i have not been exposed to too much. i am so open to wanting to learn as much as i can and that is probably one of the best environments to learn in," he explained.
meanwhile the 23-year-old is preparing hard for the test series against west indies at home. he talked about the difference in the playing style in t20s and tests.
"i had a few sessions on the bowling machine basically trying to change my contact point," green said.
"in t20 cricket, you are meeting the ball so far in front of you, so you get that full swing. to try to rein it back and hit the ball under your eyes (is difficult). i had a few good sessions basically just playing the defence shot and just getting your balance right and being able to leave the ball - that felt weird. it is a challenge for all guys that do chop and change (formats). i am just getting exposed to it now," he added.
green had grabbed eyeballs when he emerged as the highest run-scorer in the three-match t20is series against hosts india, just before the t20 world cup 2022. striking at 214.55, he had hit 118 runs in three matches.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
