its-their-job-why-it-s-not-happening-is-difficult-to-say-saba-karim-blames-nca-for-failing-to-keep-india-pacers-fit-101669611948004.
former india cricketer questioned the national cricket academy's (nca) failure to monitor the fitness of pacers. his argument comes at a time when india's premier pacer jasprit bumrah is recuperating from a back injury and had to miss two big tournaments in the recent months.
the pacer was not part of the asia cup, following which he made a return, which lasted for a few weeks before getting ruled out from the t20 world cup. apart from him prasidh krishna and yash dayal have also joined the list of pacers dealing with injury setbacks. deepak chahar and harshal patel also made a recent return from long injury layoff.
shardul thakur too was absent from india's playing xi against new zealand on sunday, which was abandoned due to rain. ahead of the match, which saw only 12.5 overs being bowled, thakur was seen warming up but under close observation of a support staff.
also read | ‘in search of diamond we lost gold’: kaif rings warning bell for india ahead of odi world cup, highlights ‘main problem’
sharing his views on team india’s fast bowling woes, karim was quoted by sportskeeda as saying: “as far as i am aware, it is the job of the nca, who sit with the team management and selectors and shortlist a pool of 10-12 fast bowlers. they need to guide the fast bowlers; their fitness needs to be monitored. the bowlers’ workload management also needs to be taken into consideration, so that the players are available whenever the team needs them.
“why it’s not happening is difficult to say, but we definitely have young pacers, who can bowl quick.”
also read | 'we support you': fans' special gesture at fifa world cup 2022 after sanju samson's 2nd odi snub breaks the internet
although karim admitted that recent injuries has been a cause of worry but quickly highlighted there is no shortage of fast bowling talents in the country, and citied a few names.
“i can give you 4-5 names. kuldeep sen, who has been picked for bangladesh, can bowl at 140 kph. there is avesh khan and shivam mavi as well, who plays for up. i have seen him click 140 in domestic cricket. kartik tyagi had impressed as a net bowler during the australia tour. khaleel ahmed has also bowled really well in the ipl,” he said.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
