i-sent-a-controversial-message-to-few-people-then-saying-he-s-better-player-than-simon-doull-heaps-praise-on-india-batter-shubman-gill-101669551859640.
frequent rain interruptions ultimately led to the abandonment of the second one-day international (odi) between hosts new zealand and india. batting first, team india had scored 89/1 in 12.5 overs when the match was called off. shubman gill remained unbeaten at 45 off 42 balls while suryakumar yadav was not out with 34 off 25 balls. it was gill's yet another good knock after a half-century in the first odi.
with his recent performances, gill has won over many fans among the experts of the game. former new zealand cricketer simon doull reiterated his earlier statement about the right-handed batter while speaking on prime video.
also read: 'have the brains and common sense to...': brett lee's advice to arshdeep singh; 'rohit and dravid need to shield him'
"i have been a big fan of his since the under-19 world cup here in new zealand. i sent a message to a couple of people and i said that shubman gill is a better player than prithvi shaw, which was quite controversial at the time in that under-19 world cup, but i have really loved seeing the development of shubman over the last couple of years," said doull.
the former new zealand pacer further analysed gill's performance as an opener for the men in blue and his chances of sticking in that position. "it's a tough position to cement. there are so many good players that are looking to open the batting for india and so many good options. i really like shubman gill. with the breakthrough at the ipl earlier this year, it was probably his best season, he just looked a little more comfortable, i think now he is feeling like he belongs at this level a little bit more," he added.
highlighting the indian opener's technique, doull underlined gill's ability to play pacers well which he thought was going to be a gamechanger for him. "the feet move beautifully. some of these shots down the ground are exceptional. the one thing that he does do very well is that he plays the short ball and the quick bowling very well. he is comfortable with that and i think that's going to be one of the keys for him moving forward," said doull.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
