there-are-players-who-are-going-form-here-to-bangladesh-ajay-jadeja-s-brutal-dig-at-rahul-dravid-for-taking-break-from-new-zealand-tour-101669544906011.
after the heartbreaking loss in the t20 world cup semis, a new-look team india travelled to new zealand for a limited-overs tour comprising three t20is and as many odis. some of the key players opted to rest and gear up for the much-important bangladesh test series which will be part of the icc test championship. but what left experts baffled was the decision of head coach rahul dravid and his support staff also opting to rest. vvs laxman was sent in dravid's stead to new zealand. and former india cricketer ajay jadeja took a brutal dig at dravid for his decision.
speaking to prime video on sunday during the second odi between india and new zealand about how much of an impact laxman can make during this short series, jadeja took a dig at dravid for taking break. he feels that the two-and-a-half months of ipl is enough rest for a coach, which is a job for a limited time only.
also read: india captain shikhar dhawan reveals why sanju samson was dropped for 2nd odi vs new zealand
“coaches don't need a break,” said the former india batter.
presenter gaurav kapur reacted saying, “no? i'm just asking.”
“you get a break for two or two-and-a-half months in the ipl. i mean they are my friends. vikram rathour and i go back a long way. dravid has been a great cricketer for india. i mean, no disrespect for them. but this is a job you do for a couple of years and you give in everything like the players. so not for rest but if it is anything else then...,” jadeja explained.
kapur then put forth a fact that with bangladesh series starting immediately after the odi series in new zealand, dravid opted to stay away from the new zealand tour to be with the indian test side. but jadeja countered it saying that few of those players of the test team are presently part of the odi series and have just four days gap between the two series.
“it's also simple thing of not being at two places at the same time. you can't be unless you are superman,” said kapur.
jadeja replied: “there are gonna be players who are going form here to bangladesh and there are 4 days gap.”
kapur said: “there you go, i can't convince ajay. he's got a valid counterpoint.”
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
