extremely-delighted-and-proud-bcci-secretary-jay-shah-tweets-as-ipl-2022-achieves-guinness-world-record-101669556845172.
in cricket crazy india, the game is arguably the most popular sport. the love for the game draws enormous crowds when team india plays at home and even abroad. the huge fan following pays rich dividends to board of control for cricket in india(bcci), the apex body which governs the functioning of the all aspects of the game in the country.
bcci had launched the indian premier league to capitalise on the surreal interest for cricket and the sporting contest is a big world event today. in an interesting development, the cricket fans have registered a guinness world record through their appearance in large numbers in the ipl final on may 29, 2022. a total of 101,566 cricket fans had witnessed the final between gujarat titans and rajasthan royals at the narendra modi stadium, ahmedabad and it got registered as the highest ever turnout in a t20 match.
also read: ‘test cricket is still the ultimate’: glenn mcgrath backs pat cummins decision to skip ipl 2023 season
the indian cricket board, bcci took to twitter to share the news and thanked the fans for making it possible.
"a proud moment for everyone as india creates the guinness world record. this one is for all our fans for their unmatched passion and unwavering support. congratulations to @gcamotera and @ipl," tweeted bcci.
extremely delighted & proud to receive the guinness world record for the largest attendance at a t20 match when 101,566 people witnessed the epic @ipl final at @gcamotera's magnificent narendra modi stadium on 29 may 2022. a big thanks to our fans for making this possible! @bcci https://t.co/jhilbdlsb2
bcci secretary, jay shah quoted the tweet and wrote "extremely delighted & proud to receive the guinness world record for the largest attendance at a t20 match when 101,566 people witnessed the epic @ipl final at @gcamotera's magnificent narendra modi stadium on 29 may 2022. a big thanks to our fans for making this possible! @bcci".
in the 2022 ipl final, gujarat titans had lifted the title after beating rajasthan royals by seven wickets in the packed narendra modi stadium. gujarat titans captain hardik pandya had led from the front, picking three wickets and scoring 34 off 30 balls in the final. pandya was eventually adjudged the player of the match.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
