suryakumar-yadav-itni-acchi-batting-kar-rahe-hai-shubman-gill-s-ultimate-praise-for-india-star-after-ind-vs-nz-2nd-odi-101669545133541.
strengthening his selection case in the white-ball squad of the indian team on sunday, indian opener shubman gill played a stellar knock in the rain-marred contest against new zealand at seddon park. the exciting young talent was closing on his fifth one day international (odi) half-century before rain-gods made their presence felt in hamilton. after the dismissal of stand-in skipper shikhar dhawan in the 2nd odi, in-form batter suryakumar yadav joined forces with opener gill and the batting duo guided india to 89-1 in 12.5 overs.
however, the penultimate clash of the three-match series between the 2019 world cup semi-finalists was abandoned due to persistent rain in hamilton on sunday. speaking to reporters at the traditional post-match press conference, opener gill said that he enjoyed batting alongside premier batter suryakumar, who is batting like a dream in the white-ball format. gill was asked whether the indian opener had a conversation with suryakumar during his stay at the crease.
also read: india captain dhawan reveals why samson was dropped for 2nd odi vs new zealand
"baatcheet koi...wo itni acchi batting kar rahe hai, unkey sath baatcheet karney ki zaroorat rehti nahi hai waise to, but kaafi maza aata hai unkey sath batting karney mein. (they way he is playing right now, there was no need to have any conversation with him out in the middle as he was batting so good. but yes, it's great fun to bat alongside him)," gill told reporters after the 2nd odi between india and new zealand was abandoned after two interruptions in hamilton.
gill, who is keen on making the most of the chances he is getting in the limited-overs format, also explained why teams can’t post totals of 400-450 more regularly in the 50-over format. "400-450 are made in 2-3 matches per year. when you score 300-350, it makes a good match. this all is dependent on conditions, whether you bat first or not," gill added. the indian opener remained unbeaten on 45 off 42 balls while suryakumar smashed 34 off 25 balls in the 2nd odi at hamilton. india will meet new zealand in the 3rd odi on wednesday.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
