hes-going-to-be-around-for-a-long-time-ravi-shastri-lauds-shubman-gill-after-his-cameo-in-2nd-odi-vs-nz-101669543124624.
shubman gill has been doing well in white-ball cricket for team india. the right-handed batter played yet another cameo as he struck an unbeaten 45 off 42 balls in the rain-curtailed second one-day international(odi) against hosts new zealand on sunday. he had also scored a half-century in the 1st odi. in just 14 odi matches, he averages a whopping 61.27 and has scored 674 runs.
with his exploits in the 50-over format, the india opener has grabbed the attention of former india cricketer ravi shastri. speaking to prime video, shastri analysed gill as a batter and was all praise for his gameplay and work ethics.
also read: 'whatever decision they take...': gambhir reacts to ramiz raja's fiery 'pak won't go to india for 2023 wc if...' remark
“his emphasis today was in the timing of the ball. sometimes when you are out of your depth, you want to get on with it by trying to hit the ball hard. he was in good control with good footwork. it is great to watch him play. there is something regal about him. he is a quality player and he's going to be around for a long time(decade's time)," said shastri.
"he has good work ethics, he trains hard, he's hungry and he loves this game. he will continue to play because his grooming is good, he is always grounded," he added.
on sunday, new zealand skipper kane williamson won the toss and asked shikhar dhawan and co. to bat first. amidst frequent rain interruptions, the match lasted till 12.5 overs of india's innings in which the team scored 89/1. captain dhawan was dismissed for three runs. gill and suryakumar yadav remained unbeaten, with suryakumar scoring 34 off 25 balls.
meanwhile as the 2nd odi got abandoned due to rain, team india cannot win the series now with just one match remaining in the series. trailing 0-1 to new zealand, the men in blue can only manage to level the series if they win the third odi.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
