whatever-decision-they-take-gautam-gambhir-reacts-to-ramiz-raja-s-fiery-pakistan-won-t-go-to-india-for-2023-world-cup-if-remark-101669478132057.
pcb chief ramiz raja's explosive statement clarifying pakistan's stance over odi world cup 2023, scheduled to be played in india, has created quite a stir in world cricket. a month after bcci secretary and acc president jay shah revealed that team india won't be travelling to pakistan for the asia cup 2023, ramiz reiterated that pakistan would boycott the odi world cup as well if bcci stay firm on their words. after sports minister anurag thakur, now former india cricketer gautam gambhir has reacted on ramiz's fiery statement.
last month, before the t20 world cup, there was a report claiming that bcci would allow their travel to pakistan, for the first time in over 14 years, for the asia cup. however, shah shrugged off the rumours with a statement that left pcb furious. they had countered the statement with a release calling for an acc meeting.
also read: 'wait for the right time': sports minister anurag thakur's brutal reply to ramiz raja's explosive remark
a month after shah's bombshell statement, ramiz told urdu news on friday, “if pakistan doesn't take part in the world cup scheduled in india next year, who will watch it? we have a clear stand: if the indian team comes here then we will go for the world cup. if they don't come then they can play the world cup without us. we will adopt an aggressive approach. our team is showing performance. i've always said we need to improve the economy of pakistan cricket, and that can only happen when we perform well. in the 2021 t20 world cup, we beat india. we beat india in the t20 asia cup. in one year, the pakistan cricket team defeated a billion dollar economy team twice."
when asked about the gambhir's reaction, he remained tight-lipped and admitted it's bcci and pcb's decision to take.
“this is the decision of bcci and pcb. whatever decision they take, they will take it together,” he had told ani.
earlier, anurag thakur had given a brutal response to ramiz raja saying that no country can overlook india.
“wait for the right time. india is a major power in the world of sports & no country can overlook india,” he had told ani.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
