watch-rohit-sharma-s-in-my-zone-training-session-post-ahead-of-bangladesh-series-goes-viral-101669532450783.
team india are set to tour bangladesh for a three-match one-day international(odi) series and a two-match test series. the first odi of the series will be held on december 04, sunday. the series marks the return of captain rohit sharma, virat kohli and kl rahul who missed the ongoing new zealand tour.
rohit has started preparations for the upcoming series. in an instagram post on sunday, the right-handed batter was seen practising in the nets. he uploaded a thread of pictures of his net session and captioned them "in my zone". the post has gone viral on social media with several fans commenting on it.
a post shared by rohit sharma (@rohitsharma45)
also read: 'he was in world cup squad but now stands nowhere': nehra slams india's selection after samson left out from 2nd odi
india cricketer kedar jadhav reacted to rohit's post and commented "looking very sharp ro. the best is yet to come mate."
earlier, former india captain virat kohli had also uploaded a video on instagram where he was seen training hard in the gym, lifting weights and doing strength building exercises.
the upcoming bangladesh tour is the first series for rohit as captain after india's exit from the t20 world cup 2022, losing to england in the semi-final. odis against bangladesh will prepare the men in blue for the odi world cup 2023 which will be held in india. the test series also holds big importance as it will influence india's qualification for the world test championship.
meanwhile, team india is being led by shikhar dhawan in the ongoing odi series against hosts new zealand where the visitors are trailing 0-1. the men in blue also played a three-match t20i series on the tour under skipper hardik pandya and clinched it 1-0.
series win over new zealand under pandya's leadership has further emboldened rohit's critics who are backing the all-rounder to take over captaincy for team india in t20is.

at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
