watch-sanju-samson-helps-ground-staff-with-covers-in-2nd-ind-nz-odi-wins-over-fans-with-humble-gesture-101669531752050.
the weather gods have once again taken control with rain stopping play in the ongoing second odi between india and new zealand, at seddon park in hamilton. with the visitors reaching 89 for one in 12.5 overs, rain stopped play and the ground staff rushed to the field with covers. in a video posted by rajasthan royals (rr) on social media, star player sanju samson could be seen helping the ground staff with the covers and has been applauded by fans for his gesture.
the rr captain hasn't been included in the india's playing xi for the ongoing odi fixture. he was also benched for the entire t20i series, but got a chance in the first odi. in the first odi, samson registered 36 in 38 balls as india reached 306 for seven in 50 overs, setting a target of 307 in auckland. but an unbeaten century by tom latham helped the hosts successfully chase down the target with 17 balls left, winning by seven wickets.
also read | 'he was in world cup squad but now stands nowhere': nehra slams india's selection after samson left out from 2nd odi
reacting to the video, many fans expressed their disappointment at samson not getting a chance in the second odi. also fans praised his humble gesture in helping the ground staff, although he wasn't in the playing xi. here is the video:
sanju samson. 💗pic.twitter.com/qxtqmz4188
reacting to the video, one fan commented, "even if he didn't get chance in 11 , his fan are always stand by him . and he always proves that right. what a human being he is , inspiration for others too."
initially, new zealand won the toss and opted to bowl. after losing the toss, india captain shikhar dhawan said, "we would have bowled first as well. it has been raining a lot. we have to go with the pace of the game. in the last match, the wicket was seaming first 10-15 overs. seems to be the case here too. two changes, deepak chahar for shardul thakur. deepak hooda comes in for samson."
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
