sanju-samson-was-dropped-despite-playing-well-because-we-don-t-have-enough-ex-ind-opener-wasim-jaffer-blames-bcci-team-india-101669528695575.
after being benched through the t20i series in new zealand, due to “strategic reasons”, as explained by captain hardik pandya, sanju samson was picked for the odi series opener in auckland on friday. and despite, india's seven-wicket loss, samson scored a decent knock and also stitched a 96-run stand with shreyas iyer. yet he was dropped for the second game and former india cricketer wasim jaffer explained why as he blamed the bcci and the indian team for it.
india dropped samson to pick deepak hooda in one of the two changes that the team made for the second game to add bowling depth to the side. the decision left fans miffed, but jaffer felt that that was a case of misfortune as india lack all-rounder options.
jaffer, taking to twitter, then elaborated that, india don't have enough all-rounder options are they aren't managed well, urging bcci to show patience in handling such options. he also felt that with the advent of bowling machines and throw down specialists during practice sessions, there are less batters who can bowl.
also read: 'achha hua jo t20 world cup nahi khela...': umran malik's father breaks silence on son's non-selection
"sanju was dropped despite playing well cos we don't have enough all rounders and part time options. my two cents on why there's a dearth of all rounders and part timers. #nzvind #sanjusamson," he tweeted.
“lack of all rounders: we don't manage all rounders well. because there aren't many around we're quick to play them at the highest level, but then after few bad outings they're out as quickly as they got in. vijay shankar, venky lyer, shivam dube, and krunal pandya few examples. need to show patience while they develop. lack of part time bowling options: with bowling machines and throw down specialists around, batters have stopped bowling in the nets,” he explained.
sanju was dropped despite playing well cos we don't have enough all rounders and part time options. my two cents on why there's a dearth of all rounders and part timers. #nzvind #sanjusamson pic.twitter.com/78nkqstekk
samson does have the chance to get picked for the third odi which will be played next week.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
