i-have-a-pretty-good-relationship-with-justin-langer-mitchell-starc-breaks-silence-on-coward-controversy-101669529260545.
amid the controversy over former australia head coach justin langer labelling as 'coward' those in australian team who leaked details to the media about his alleged rift with teammates. fast bowler mitchell starc has tried to clear the air over the entire matter, ahead of the first test match between west indies and hosts australia.
"i have a pretty good relationship with langer. we exchanged text messages post the (t20) world cup. i'm pretty comfortable with my relationship with jl," said starc as quoted by espn cricinfo.
also read: 'pcb doesn't have guts to boycott wc. ind don't care if pakistan don't come': ex-pak bowler on ramiz raja's fiery remark
starc also talked about the possibility of a crowd outburst at the perth stadium in western australia where the first test against west indies will be held and which happens to be the home ground of langer.
"was mentioned that there could be some noise around it obviously being in the west and with jl having a commentary spot. we're comfortable...spend a lot of time together as a three format group. it's all preparation for this test match. not too much is going to distract us. i'm sure we'll see (langer) at the ground and throughout the summer," explained starc
"always had great crowds in perth. there's been a lot of talk about not having test cricket over here for a long time. hopefully the public can support that. show us what test cricket means to them," he added.
langer had resigned from the post of australia head coach in february 2022 after serving almost four years in the role. under him, australia had won the t20 world cup 2021, clinched the ashes series 2021-22 and the test team had risen to be the no.1 team in the world.
meanwhile west indies are touring australia for a two-match test series. the first test between the two teams will be start from nov 30, wednesday.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
