pcb-doesn-t-have-guts-to-boycott-world-cup-india-don-t-care-if-pakistan-don-t-come-ex-pak-bowler-danish-kaneria-on-ramiz-raja-s-fiery-remark-101669524758278.
pakistan cricket board (pcb) chief ramiz raja's recent comment over bcci's stance on asia cup 2023 and pakistan wanting to boycott the odi world cup next year has created quite a stir in world cricket. a month after bcci secretary jay shah dropped the bombshell that team india won't be travelling to pakistan for the asia cup in 2023 and would want the venue to be changed to uae, ramiz has hot back at bcci. but former pakistan cricketer danish kaneria feels pcb doesn't have it in them to walk the talk and rather sent out a stern warning to ramiz.
speaking to urdu news on friday, ramiz said that if india don't come to pakistan for the asia cup, babar azam-led side will boycott the world cup scheduled to take place in india next year.
however, kaneria feels that india will remain unfazed by these threats from pcb and opined that it will be pakistan's loss if they decide not to play the world cup.
also read: 'he was in world cup squad but now stands nowhere': nehra slams india's selection after samson left out from 2nd odi
"the pcb does not have enough guts to boycott an icc event. india, on the other hand, don't care if pakistan don't come. they have a huge market that generates a lot of revenue. not travelling to india for the world cup will have a major effect on pakistan," he said.
"pakistan will ultimately travel to india for the world cup. officials will say that they had no other option as there was pressure from the icc. it will hurt pakistan cricket badly if they talk about skipping an icc event again and again," he added.
although acc are yet to hold a meeting over shah's comment last month, kaneria warned ramiz that it could be possible that teams like bangladesh and afghanistan might also join india in boycotting the asia cup 2023 in pakistan owing to condition in the country.
"there is still a lot of time for the asia cup. we can't be sure that everything will be fine in the country by then or if the tournament will be conducted on pakistani soil or not. we don't know what the situation will be like during that time. it could also be possible that, apart from india, teams like bangladesh and afghanistan also refuse to travel to pakistan. the people of pakistan want the asia cup to be played in their country. however, you have to remain on the back foot because of the situation of the nation," he said.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
