test-cricket-is-still-the-ultimate-glenn-mcgrath-backs-pat-cummins-decision-to-skip-ipl-2023-season-101669476088575.
indian premier league is one of the most sought after tournaments in world cricket. the cash-rich league draws the best international cricketers from across the globe. when offered a contract, most players will come running to participate in the competitive cricket tournament but australia captain pat cummins is riding a different boat. the 29-year-old had announced that he won't take part in the ipl 2023 season.
cummins argued that he wanted to focus on the upcoming world cup 2023 and ashes and due to a hectic schedule, he would miss the ipl. former australia fast bowler glenn mcgrath has come out in support of the australia skipper. in an interaction with aap, mcgrath backed cummins' decision citing the extreme workload that fast bowlers manage these days which involves plenty of bowling and running.
also read: 'wait for the right time': sports minister anurag thakur's brutal reply to ramiz raja's explosive remark
"cummo has come out and said he's not going to the next ipl. that's where you have your offseason, get strong and get through the next season. if you don't do that, you're a car that never refuels. sooner or later you're going to run out. fast bowlers need to have a bit of an offseason because bowling and running depletes your strength," said mcgrath.
you don't want to devalue the big bash, but you have to weigh up what is important. playing for australia should still be the be-all and end-all. test cricket is still the ultimate," he added.
meanwhile mitchell starc is the other australian star who has decided to skip the upcoming ipl season. starc had announced that playing test cricket was his priority.
the ashes 2023 series between arch-rivals australia and england which many australian stars are looking forward to, will be organised in june-july next year.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
