he-doesn-t-have-many-wasim-jaffer-explains-why-umran-malik-is-suited-to-odis-more-than-t20is-for-team-india-101669463494974.
although india crashed to a defeat against new zealand in the first odi, umran malik had a day to remember as he made his odi debut at eden mark in auckland. the sunrisers hyderabad (srh) pacer was brilliant in his first spell, bagging the wickets of devon conway and daryl mitchell but was expensive in the second spell, getting exploited by kane williamson and tom latham. the hosts successfully chased down a target of 307 runs, reaching 309 for three in 47.1 overs.
former india cricketer wasim jaffer feels that the pacer doesn't have a lot of variations in his kitty due to which he might not succeed in the shorter format. speaking to espncricinfo, he said, "as the game gets bigger, you got to have a lot more skills and that’s something they will learn. the one day format suits umran malik more than t20s. we have seen in the ipl that he doesn’t have many variations compared to bowling in this format when he needs to hit the right line and lengths and use the short ball well."
also read | 'we don't want to see jofra archer…': england test captain ben stokes on pacer
jaffer felt that the match finished with a better pitch and umran finished with expensive figures of 10-0-66-2. jaffer said, "in the second half, the wicket got a little better. in the first half, the pitch was a little sticky and the ball wasn’t coming on to the bat as we saw in the second half. but i thought those two guys batted well and it wasn’t easy for the bowlers."
during the chase, latham slammed an unbeaten knock of 145 runs off 104 balls, packed with 19 fours and five sixes. meanwhile, captain williamson clobbered an unbeaten knock of 94 runs off 98 balls, including seven fours and a six. meanwhile, both sides face each other in the second odi on sunday, at seddon park in hamilton.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
