sanju-samson-is-victim-of-favouritism-running-in-bcci-it-s-horrible-fans-fume-at-shikhar-dhawan-vvs-laxman-for-2nd-odi-team-selection-vs-new-zealand-101669515188267.
sanju samson was not picked in the playing xi during the three-match t20i series with captain hardik pandya explaining it to be an "unfortunate" case and "strategic" reason. he was however given a chance in the first odi earlier this week where he scored a 38-ball 36 while stitching a crucial 96-run stand alongside shreyas iyer that helped in india's revival. but samson was dropped yet again, on sunday, for the second odi to make way for greater bowling depth and the decision left fans fuming at captain shikhar dhawan and head coach vvs laxman. (india vs new zealand live score 2nd odi)
there was criticism over india featuring just five bowlers for the opening odi where the visitors lost by seven wickets. hence, india made two changes for the second match. "instead of shardul thakur, deepak chahar comes in and deepak hooda comes in place of sanju samson," said dhawan after losing the toss.
also read: 'achha hua jo t20 world cup nahi khela...': umran malik's father breaks silence on son's non-selection
the decision to drop samson yet again left indian cricket fans disappointed as they lashed out at the skipper and at bcci, alleging them of “favoritism”. here is bow twitter reacted…
this is horrible. sanju has to sit out even after doing well in odis. what else this guy needs to do yaar. absolute favoritism.
#sanjusamson no godfather in selection comitteehow a player feel last match he played well and the next game he is out of the team one more thing last game failures get the next match also it's enough you don't pick sanju for any series and also don't do it anyone else.hurted pic.twitter.com/pnjvthy1cv
then what's the point of being wk & flexible to bat at any position?!once again they underline it #sanjusamson is their easiest target.not to forget he is dropped for bangladesh odis as well, but pant & ishan are'nt.coaches change, captains change but sanju's fate remains same. pic.twitter.com/0xvxlco1ou
cricket craze gonna end here. thanks to bcci. from viru, yuvi to msd to sanju samson. sanju is a victim of favourism running in bcci. until it is stopped, i won't be watching any matches of team india. replacing inform batsman is ridiculous. no more tweets🤐🤐🤐 #sanjusamson pic.twitter.com/ccfxmz8umx
#sanjusamson is dropped in one game in overseas condition. last game was average of sanju but how a player can proved himself entirely in just one game.i am speechless 😔😔😔 pic.twitter.com/n8nh2q08nm
#bcci shame of you#sanjusamson is deserve but not get chances in playing 11😞 pic.twitter.com/pfnlae65tr
"we would have bowled first as there's moisture in the wicket. even in the last game the wicket was seaming for the first 10-15 overs, we got to keep the positive intent and go for the runs," dhawan added after india were put to bat first. "we only need 10 percent of improvement and it makes a huge impact and especially in the death bowling, we got to be a bit more smarter."
teams:
india (playing xi): shikhar dhawan(c), shubman gill, shreyas iyer, rishabh pant(w), suryakumar yadav, deepak hooda, washington sundar, deepak chahar, umran malik, arshdeep singh, yuzvendra chahal
new zealand (playing xi): finn allen, devon conway, kane williamson(c), daryl mitchell, tom latham(w), glenn phillips, mitchell santner, michael bracewell, matt henry, tim southee, lockie ferguson
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
