achha-hua-jo-t20-world-cup-nahi-khela-umran-malik-s-father-breaks-silence-on-son-s-nonselection-101669479988291.
young umran malik impressed cricket legends across the globe with the fiery pace and wicket-taking abilities during the 2022 ipl. he was immediately touted by all to be part of india's t20 world cup squad later that year. he earned his maiden call-up immediately after the ipl and made his international debut a month later. however, he wasn't subsequently considered in the build-up series that followed later and fell out of contention for a place in the world cup squad. almost a fortnight after india's heartbreaking exit for the tournament, umran's father broke his silence on his son's non-selection for the world cup.
india were criticised for not backing umran. legends like umran malik, wasim akram and waqar youis were left baffled at his omission. however, abdul rashid, umran's father, in conversation with news 18, opined that it was rather better for his son to have not made the world cup team.
“dekhiye janab… log keh rahe the na, ki world cup nahi khela, lekin hum kehte hai ki achha hua jo nahi khela. jo jab hona rehta hai wahi hota hai! (people were saying that he couldn’t get selected for the world cup. we think it is great that he didn’t make it. things happen when they are meant to.
also read: 'unfair to point fingers at ipl. blame the players if india don't perform well in icc events': gambhir's blazing remark
“you don’t need to rush behind anything. the kid is in the learning phase. he shares the dressing room with the experienced ones. he’ll go there and learn from them. you need not hurry. the big players who are already there, they are doing pretty well while others get the opportunity after being noticed,” umran’s father said.
umran made his debut in the odi format earlier last week in the match against new zealand, where he picked two wickets and rattled the black caps batters with his 150kmph thunderbolts.
“i told his mother that umran used to bowl him [williamson] in the nets and now they are facing each other. aage ustaad hai toh pichhe chela (a faceoff between the master and the disciple). i really enjoyed watching them,” rashid said.

at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
