im-no-one-to-comment-whether-rohit-sharma-and-virat-kohli-will-continue-playing-t20is-harbhajan-singh-101669463327567.
former india off-spinner harbhajan singh feels the indian team's approach has to change whether the current top three -- rohit sharma, k l rahul and virat kohli -- extend their careers till 2024 world cup or not. there has been a lot of chatter around rohit and kohli's futures in the short format of the game after india's below-par show in all the multi-nation t20 tournaments they have been part of in the last 12-13 months or so. the fact that india's top three bat in a largely similar manner has hurt the team's prospects of getting off to a flier in the powerplay. india have struggled to put on mammoth totals on placid batting tracks against batting-heavy teams for going hard at the top. the semi-final against england was a prime example of that.
"the approach has to change in the t20 format. the first six overs are important. if that doesn't happen you will be dependent on hardik or surya for scoring 50 off 20. if they don't fire, you will end up with a below-par total.
also read: 'wait for the right time': sports minister anurag thakur's brutal reply to ramiz raja's explosive remark
"england changed their approach and they have won two world cups. t20 has to be played like t20 not like odis," the veteran of 103 tests, told pti.
in the absence of seniors, india fielded a younger top-three in new zealand.
"all the top-three (rohit, virat, kl) need to do is increase their strike rate. it is tough when you bat at 110 or 120 strike and try to make 180. they have to score at least 9 runs per over in the first 10-12 overs."
does he see kohli and rohit continuing playing the shortest format?
"i am no one to comment whether they would want to play or not. they are quality players if they can remain fit why not, provided the approach is different. players can't be changed overnight, the approach has to change."
harbhajan added that hardik pandya should captain india in t20s after rohit sharma.
"if it happens, hardik is the right option."
talking about the abu dhabi t10 competition, harbhajan said he is excited to be part of the league.
"i am really excited. don't know how many games i will play. it is a good format and shorter format compared to t20s. it is a faster format and good for the fans. going forward, it could be something very big."
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
