tempted-to-play-kuldeep-yadav-ahead-of-yuzvendra-chahal-former-ind-opener-worried-about-team-s-6th-bowling-option-101669466730836.
india will be looking to bounce back from the defeat they suffered in the first odi against new zealand in the second of the three-match series that will be played on sunday. tom latham's career-best score of 145 not out and kiwi captain kane williamson's masterful 94 helped new zealand chase down a target of 307 with nearly two overs to spare in auckland.
india's spinners washington sundar and yuzvendra chahal went wicketless in that match and former opener wasim jaffer feels that they may be tempted to play kuldeep yadav ahead of the latter in hamilton during the second odi. “i'd be tempted to play kuldeep in place of chahal just because he brings a bit of mystery and spins it both ways. he is in good form as well,” jaffer was quoted as saying by espncricinfo.
also read | virat kohli's twitter and instagram posts spark ms dhoni-like retirement rumours
jaffer admitted that india may end up making no changes at all but he would like to see them strengthening their bowling arsenal. “moreover, india have 5 bowling options to choose from as they haven’t got a sixth bowling option. that can be a bit of a worry. arshdeep played his first odi and so did umran and there’s a lot of inexperience, especially for this format,” he stated
“on small grounds, it can get tricky as well. i don’t think there will be a lot of change, but i will be keen to have a look at kuldeep in place of chahal,” jaffer added.
shreyas iyer's 80 off 76 balls took india to a score of 306/7 batting first in auckland. they kept new zealand under pressure for much of the first half of their chase, with the hosts' score being 88/3 in the 20th over. however, williamson and latham's unbeaten 221-run stand off just 165 balls took the game away from india and gave new zealand what ended up becoming a comprehensive win.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
