india-vs-new-zealand-2nd-odi-live-streaming-when-and-where-to-watch-ind-vs-nz-live-on-tv-and-online-101669448949125.
team india will play against hosts new zealand in the second one-day international(odi) of the three-match series on sunday, november 27. having lost the 1st odi, the men in blue will look to remain alive in the series with a win on sunday.
the visitors will look to get their team combination right, going into the all-important 2nd odi match. shikhar dhawan and co. had badly missed the sixth bowling option as pacers arshdeep singh and shardul thakur were taken for a ride by the kiwi batters. all-rounder deepak hooda might be brought in the mix to address the missing jigsaw in the puzzle. in that case, a batter will have to sit out and it's likely that rishabh pant might face the axe, owing to his bad form.
also read: 'abhi seedha jaake t20 mode me toh nehi khel sakte': iyer shuts criticism over india's conservative batting approach
among the bowlers, team india might make a few changes to add to the sting. kuldeep yadav is a possible replacement for yuzvendra chahal. the team might also go with deepak chahar instead of shardul thakur as the former can be used in the first few overs too.
meanwhile, new zealand had chased down the target of 307 runs in last match which makes it evident that even the 300-run mark is not a safe bet. team india will look to score higher if the playing conditions permit and they bat first.
here are the live streaming details for india vs new zealand 2nd odi:-
where will the india vs new zealand 2nd odi match be played?
india vs new zealand 2nd odi match will be played at seddon park, hamilton.
when will the india vs new zealand 2nd odi match be played?
india vs new zealand 2nd odi match will be played on sunday, november 27, 2022.
what time will the india vs new zealand 2nd odi match start?
india vs new zealand 2nd odi match will start at 7:00 am ist.
which tv channels will broadcast india vs new zealand 2nd odi match in india?
india vs new zealand 2nd odi match can be watched on dd sports.
where can i watch the live stream of india vs new zealand 2nd odi match in india?
india vs new zealand 2nd odi match will be streamed live on amazon prime video. you can also catch the live commentary, score updates here at hindustantimes.com/cricket
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
