india-predicted-xi-for-2nd-odi-vs-new-zealand-vice-captain-may-be-axed-host-of-changes-likely-101669445699988.
team india will face off against hosts new zealand in the second one-day international(odi) match on sunday, november 27. trailing 0-1 in the three-match odi series, the men in blue would look to win and level the series ahead of the 3rd odi. with the series on the line, stand-in captain shikhar dhawan is expected to make some changes in the playing xi for better prospects for the visitors.
dhawan and co. badly missed a sixth bowling option in the 1st odi which they lost by seven wickets. the team had played two wicketkeeper -batters namely rishabh pant and sanju samson in that match at the cost of an extra bowler or an all-rounder. going forward, it's likely they might play deepak hooda in place of pant who hasn't been in good form. moreover, hooda can bat in the middle order and bowl in the middle overs.
also read: virat kohli's twitter and instagram posts spark ms dhoni-like retirement rumours
among bowlers, wrist spinner kuldeep yadav might come in place of yuzvendra chahal, who went wicketless and conceded plenty of runs in the 1st odi. also, shardul thakur is expected to make way for deepak chahar as the latter can bowl better with the new ball.
the visitors are likely to persist with suryakumar yadav who had a rare failure in recent times on friday. with dhawan and shubman gill as openers and shreyas iyer at no.3, the top three looks pretty sorted. if pant is not included, samson might be promoted to bat at no.4, suryakumar at no.5 and hooda coming in at no.6.
india's predicted xi for 2nd odi against new zealand
openers: shikhar dhawan(c), shubman gill
middle order: shreyas iyer, sanju samson(wk), suryakumar yadav
lower-middle order: rishabh pant/deepak hooda
spinners: washington sundar, kuldeep yadav
pacers: umran malik, deepak chahar, arshdeep singh
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
