we-don-t-want-to-see-jofra-archer-england-test-captain-ben-stokes-on-pacer-101669383541987.
injuries to players has cost cricket teams heavily in last few months. india's premier fast bowler jasprit bumrah, pakistani star shaheen afridi and england speedster jofra archer are some of the big names who missed the action in important matches, due to injuries.bumrah didn't take part in the asia cup 2022 and t20 world cup 2022 due to back injury. shaheen had to leave the field in the final match of the t20 world cup after his knee injury resurfaced.
archer is all set to return to international cricket after elbow problems and stress fracture of the back kept him away from competitive cricket since july 2021. but the england team management is cautious of not rushing in the pacer to the matches as it might lead to more harm than good. for instance, bumrah returned to action in preparation for the world cup, after his recovery from injury but his back gave in just before the tournament.
also read: 'you can either have pace or control': zaheer, agarkar deliver verdict on umran malik's odi debut as nz beat india
england test captain ben stokes has highlighted england's approach towards archer who is making a comeback after a long layoff from injury.
"he( archer) is one of the superstars of the international game. it's great to see him running back in, and bowling fast. it's really good to have him back around the group as well," said stokes while speaking to sky sports.
"i think he's just really excited to be back. he's obviously had a long time off with injury. as exciting as it is, we've got to be careful to not rush him back, as we don't want to see jofra archer on the sidelines for this amount of period again. and that's the plan. hopefully, we can have jofra fit and ready, especially for the ashes," highlighted stokes.
archer, however is not a part of the england squad for the upcoming three-match test series in pakistan. the first test between england and pakistan will be played between december 01, thursday and december 05, monday.

at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
