abhi-seedha-jaake-t20-mode-me-toh-nehi-khel-sakte-shreyas-iyer-shuts-criticism-over-india-s-conservative-batting-approach-101669447805794.
three india batters scored their respective half-centuries on friday in the odi series opener on thursday against new zealand in auckland. yet, if it wasn't for washington sundar's cameo knock of 37 off 16, india wouldn't have reached the total of 306. india's conservative batting approach has long been criticised, especially after their t20 world cup exit in 2021, and also in the 2022 edition earlier this month. however, shreyas iyer shut all criticism with a blunt reply.
veterans and experts have slammed india's approach in the powerplay in white-ball cricket, calling it too conservative. iyer on friday was asked about the same, whether india should follow england's batting template and whether he sees odi cricket as an extension of t20 cricket.
he said: “abhi seedha jaake t20 mode me toh nehi khel sakte (we can't play in the t20 mode straightaway in fifty overs because there is more time).”
also read: ‘can’t ask these questions... what do you expect dravid to reply?': ashwin on 'ind players in overseas leagues' debate
"one can plan his batting looking at the wicket and deciding in his mind what a par score would be. one needs to adapt. fifty overs can change from time to time. sometimes there can be sunset, there can be dew on other times and you don't know how the wicket will play," he continued.
iyer, howeve, was content with the target india had set in the match despite new zealand chasing it down with 17 balls to spare. "reaching 307 from the position that we were in was a commendable effort," he said in the presser. "few things didn't go our way. it is a learning curve for us and hopefully we can go back and introspect and come back with new ideas," he added.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
