virat-kohli-s-twitter-and-instagram-posts-sparks-ms-dhoni-like-retirement-rumours-101669443859055.
virat kohli's latest cross-platform social media post on saturday left the fans scratching their heads, sparking retirement rumours. kohli, who is currently enjoying a break from cricket along with the likes of india captain rohit sharma, kl rahul, r ashwin, mohammed shami, and dinesh karthik, took to twitter and instagram to post a photograph of his knock against pakistan in the super 12 stage of the t20 world cup 2022 at the melbourne cricket ground last month. kohli had smashed an unbeaten 82 off just 53 balls helping india chase down 160 in a last-ball thriller. kohli's knock was hailed by many as one of the best-ever t20 knocks as india at one point needed 28 runs off 8 balls.
kohli's post on saturday took the fans back to the memorable india vs pakistan match played in front of more than 90 thousand spectators at the mcg but it also gave a scare to a section of them. "october 23rd 2022 will always be special in my heart. never felt energy like that in a cricket game before. what a blessed evening that was,: kohli wrote in his post.
the former india captain's framing of words made fans wonder whether he was going the ms dhoni way. the legendary former india wicketkeeper-batter had announced his retirement on august 15 2020 with an instagram post.
pal do pal ka sayar hu ...... when?
pehle mujhe laga the dreaded r word aane wala tha 😭😭
bhai aisi photo daal ke matt likha karo kuch. heartbeat badh jaati ke retirement toh announce nai kardi kahin 😭
one of the major reasons behind some of the fans fearing a retirement announcement from kohli is the popular belief about india wanting to rebuild their t20i side after constant failures in multi-nation tournaments. there were reports suggesting the likes of rohit sharma and virat kohli phasing out slowly from the shortest format of the game to focus more on odis for the world cup at home next year.
the talismanic right-hander, who emerged as the top run-getter of the t20 world cup from which india exited after losing to england in the semi-final, is gearing up for the bangladesh tour starting december 4. he was given a break from the ongoing limited-overs tour to new zealand. kohli will return to action in the odi and test series against bangladesh.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
