you-can-t-these-questions-what-do-you-expect-dravid-to-reply-ashwin-on-india-players-in-overseas-leagues-debate-101669389975337.
moments after india's t20 world cup exit earlier this month, there was a growing debate over whether players from the indian side should play in overseas leagues. cricket greats like wasim akram, anil kumble, stephen fleming and tom moody were among the few big names who felt india should prioritise it. however, india head coach rahul dravid, who was asked about the same moments after the loss to england in the world cup semis, explained that the process could dampen indian domestic circuit. dravid's stance was criticised, but veteran cricketer r ashwin, who was part of the world cup squad, hailed the coach's reply and lashed out as the debate on this topic.
the talk about need for indian players in overseas leagues has long been discussed, but the debate reignited after england player made the most of their big bash league experience to beat india by 10 wickets in the semi-final. 10 of those 11 players in that england team has played at least one season of bbl.
also read: 'who will watch the world cup in india if pakistan don't take part?': ramiz raja fires shots
when asked the same to dravid, he explained that with india having their domestic season right about the same time when these overseas leagues start, it's difficult for player from the country to participate in those tournaments. he further added that india would not want to go ‘the west indies way’.
ashwin, speaking on his youtube channel, lashed out at the timing of the question and rather hailed dravid's answer before acknowledging it to be "an interesting and debatable topic".
"they asked rahul bhai in in the press conference as soon as our game was over. you can't ask these questions as a reaction to losing game. it's a very unfair question to the coach of a cricket team. so what do you expect him to reply to that question? in fact he gave a very good reply to that question. he asked, "if you want indian player to go and players these leagues what will happen to our first-class system?" we should understand that the indian first-class system will behind from august end or by september end. it will be march when the ranji trophy final gets over and we will have the ipl as soon as ranji trophy gets over.
"so if we don't play our first-class cricket, our sample size of players will come down. he felt it that way and replied beautifully. it is an interesting and debatable topic. in fact, many players from other countries have come to india and returned as better players," he said.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
