players-have-been-pretty-quiet-no-point-making-it-a-distraction-hussey-slams-justin-langer-for-coward-remark-101669372536183.
former australia cricketer michael hussey isn't very pleased with justin langer's recent comments, where he labeled the australian players as “coward”. langer spoke in length on his fallout with cricket australia, following which he had resigned as the coach of the national team. he made the remarks in an recent interaction with the backchat podcast.
langer, however, clarified his remarks and rubbished alleged rift with some of australia's current cricketers including captain pat cummins. he stated that his relation with australian players is absolutely good even though he resigned as the coach, in february this year.
langer's resignation came after australia's t20 world cup win in 2021, which was followed by a spectacular show against england in the ashes down under. despite an impressive record, cricket australia handed langer a six-month contract extension. in his final days as australia coach, reports emerged of players having a problem with langer's coaching style, thus influencing his resignation.
watch: umran malik rattles new zealand with 150 km/h thunderbolts, dismisses conway and mitchell on odi debut
sharing his views on langer's comments, hussey stated that the former coach is still disappointed with how things were handled, but felt the timing of his recent remarks was “not ideal”.
"the timing of it is probably not ideal. (langer’s) obviously still upset about how it all went down, and maybe it could’ve been handled a better from a cricket australia perspective," hussey told foxsports.com.au.
hussey also mentioned it's pointless to make any distraction, as the australian team prepare for the upcoming test series against west indies, starting from november 30.
"my sense is the players have been pretty quiet on it all. they’ve sorted moved on, they just want to move on. there’s no point making it a distraction for them.
"they can’t afford to make that a distraction for them. they’re going to get asked about it but they’re just going to have to focus on their preparation for the test," he added.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
