spotlight-is-on-kohli-and-rohit-but-if-you-look-at-his-odi-record-ravi-shastri-lauds-shikhar-dhawan-101669362257568.
with the likes of rohit sharma and virat kohli rested for india's tour of new zealand, veteran india batter shikhar dhawan is leading the team for the three odi series. stand-in captain dhawan scored his 39th odi half-century in the 1st one-day international(odi) against hosts new zealand on friday. he stitched a 124-run partnership for the opening wicket with fellow opener shubman gill, to give team india a solid start. on the back of half-centuries by both openers and shreyas iyer, the men in blue set a big target of 307 runs in 50 overs for the kiwis.
dhawan has played several match-winning knocks for team india. in odis, he averages more than 45 and has scored 6744 runs. but some experts feel that the left-handed batter's exploits in the 50-over format gets brushed under the carpet amidst bigger names like virat kohli and rohit sharma. former india head coach ravi shastri holds similar views. speaking during pre-match coverage of prime video for the 1st odi, shastri said that the left-handed batter didn't get the laurels that he deserved.
also read: washington sundar breaks suresh raina's long-standing record, goes past kapil dev with whirlwind knock in new zealand
"he's vastly experienced. he doesn't get the accolades that he deserves. to be honest, most of the spotlight is on virat kohli and rohit sharma. but when you look at his one-day cricket record, and you look at some of the innings he has played against top teams in big games, it's an outstanding record," shastri said exclusively to broadcaster prime video.
"a left-hander at the top makes a lot of difference. he is a natural stroke player, he has got all the shots to countertop class fast bowling, the pull, the cut, and the drive. he likes it when the ball is coming onto the bat, and i think his experience will be handy here. there are a lot of talented youngsters around, but i think in this format of the game, his experience will be in value," he added.
dhawan scored 72 off 77 balls including 13 fours, before being dismissed by new zealand bowler tim southee. india all-rounder washington sundar hit a quickfire 37 off just 16 balls to help the team sail past the 300-run mark.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
