watch-umran-malik-rattles-new-zealand-with-150-km-h-thunderbolts-dismisses-devon-conway-and-daryl-mitchell-on-odi-debut-101669361226254.
umran malik was expected to don the indian jersey in the t20i series itself in the new zealand tour. however, he missed out on the opportunity, but on friday, the india pacer was handed his odi cap, for the first match of the three-game series against kane williamson's men in auckland. and he repaid the faith by not just unsettling the new zealand batters with his 150 kmph thunderbolts, but also by picking two wickets - of devon conway and daryl mitchell. (india vs new zealand live score 1st odi)
umran was brought into the attack by captain shikhar dhawan after the first powerplay. his first delivery was of 145.9kmph, an in-angling length ball to williamson, whom he shared the dressing room with in ipl for sunrisers hyderabad. he ended the over with a similar delivery, but of 149.6kmph, conceding four just singles.
also read: 'don’t play ipl if you want to win wc': rohit's childhood coach's brutal dig at india captain in stern message to team
another over later, where he had delivered the first of his 150kmph deliveries, umran picked his maiden odi wicket. he dished out a fiery fuller delivery wide of off as conway chased it for a drive, and ended up edging it straight to wicketkeeper rishabh pant.
we have a feeling we're going to be fans of umran malik a while! 💯#nzvindonprime #cricketonprime pic.twitter.com/3shw4zujbm
during the same spell, umran also dismissed mitchell in the 20th over for 11 runs off 16 balls. it was another of those quicker deliveries and slightly outside off as the batter threw his hands at it and miscued it straight to the fielder at deep point. deepak hooda completed the catch comfortably as umran picked his second wicket. overall, there were two 150kmph deliveries in that spell.
talking about the match, dhawan's 72 and shreyas iyer's 76-ball 80 helped india post a target of 307 against new zealand. india had earlier won the t20i series 1-0 where the opener was washed out while the third ended in a draw via dls method.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
