these-are-complete-utter-rubbish-i-had-a-long-chat-with-cummins-justin-langer-on-coward-remark-101669353594391.
former australia head coach justin langer is furious after reports of his alleged rift with some of australia's current cricketers including captain pat cummins, got leaked to the media. in the wake of such news, he has given a clarification that his relation with australian players is absolutely good even though he resigned as the coach, in february this year.
the entire episode unfolded after langer opened a can of worms when in an interview with the backchat podcast, he used the word 'cowards' for those who leaked inside information about the australian team and himself towards the end of his tenure as coach.
also read: ‘hardik pandya is a natural leader, people follow him': south african star david miller
“a lot of journalists use the word ‘source’. i would say, change that word to ‘coward’. a coward says, not a source. because what do you mean ‘a source says’? they’ve either got an axe to grind with someone and they won’t come and say it to your face, or they’re just leaking stuff for their own agenda,” langer had said.
after his comments, media persons related the label 'coward' to current australia captain cummins. but langer has now cleared the air while speaking to 7 news perth.
“ironically, i spoke to patty on monday, we had a long talk about how the team was going, how he’s going, how his family’s going. and some of this rubbish is complete and utter rubbish," langer explained.
“i’ve got so much respect for patty cummins, i think he’s a brilliant player, i think he’s an outstanding human being. so any thought there’s war between patty and i could not be further from the truth," he added.
clarifying further on the 'coward' comment, the former australian coach said that he was actually praising the australian players who he trained, including cummins.
“there was sort of talk about relating the word coward with pat cummins. if you listen to the podcast, i was actually praising pat, i was praising finchy, i was praising tim paine for giving me the feedback. i was actually complimenting them, not criticising them as it’s come out. it turns into a bushfire, what do you do?”
langer further highlighted how much he enjoyed his role with australian team and that he cherishes those moments even today. he also elucidated his good relationship with the players since leaving the role.
“i’ve been in touch with these guys ever since i stopped being in the team and i can’t wait for the test match to start next week, and the reason i can’t wait is i haven’t seen them. i haven’t seen the boys since i finished in february.”
“i loved my four years of coaching australia, it was brilliant. didn’t end as i would’ve liked - that’s life, that’s the business, it’s a tough business. i’ve got fond memories. those guys we’re talking about, i ate with them, i drank with them, i celebrated with them, we got through covid together, we got through sandpaper together, we won the world cup together, we won the ashes together. they’re like my little brothers!,” he concluded.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
