hardik-pandya-is-a-natural-leader-people-follow-him-south-african-star-david-miller-101669304247923.
hardik pandya has risen through the ranks quite fast in the last few years. he has worked on his game to emerge as a fantastic batter in the middle order. he has finished many games for the men in blue. as a pacer, he clocks 140 kmph speeds regularly and provides crucial breakthroughs for the team. in t20is, he is currently at no.3 in the icc men's all-rounder rankings.
besides his own game, the 29-year-old has also shown exemplary leadership qualities. he led a new franchise gujarat titans to title triumph in the indian premiere league. in recent years, he has captained the national team and delivered favourable results. in the recent tour of new zealand, team india clinched the three-match t20i series against the hosts 1-0, under the leadership of pandya.
also read: ‘the biggest myth in the world’: virat kohli's epic reply to fan's ‘meat’ comment
pandya's teammate in ipl and south africa cricketer david miller was all praise for the indian all-rounder in an interaction with pti. miller called the indian cricketer a natural leader while evaluating his leadership skills.
"just playing under him in the ipl, i feel he is a natural leader, people follow him. he allows you to play the way that you feel like you can. he is very inclusive as a leader, he wants everyone to be close to each other," said miller.
"at the same time, he is clear with discipline. he has got a lot of good attributes of a leader. in ipl he got better and better as the season progressed and i see him doing that (with the indian team as well)," he explained.
miller further applauded pandya's inclusive attitude as a leader and as someone who gives his team members the freedom to play their game.
"he will make the players a lot better in the mindset. 100 per cent. he allows the guys to do what they want to do which is important," said the south africa cricketer.
after team india's exit by losing in the semi-final of the t20 world cup 2022, cricket experts are echoing the need of split captaincy in the team. speculations are high that current skipper rohit sharma might be relieved of his duties in the shortest format and pandya might be his replacement as the captain in t20is.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
