india-vs-new-zealand-live-score-1st-odi-2022-ind-vs-nz-latest-scorecard-at-eden-park-auckland-101669333932829.

india vs new zealand odi highlights: new zealand defeated india by seven wickets in the first odi, at eden park in auckland on friday. the win also helped the hosts go 1-0 up in the three-match series. chasing a target of 307 runs, new zealand raced to 309 for three in 47.1 overs, courtesy of some fine batting from tom latham and kane williamson. latham hammered an unbeaten knock of 145 runs off 104 balls and williamson slammed an unbeaten knock of 94 runs off 98 deliveries. meanwhile, debutant umran malik took two wickets for the visitors. initially, the visitors posted 306 for seven in 50 overs, with shreyas iyer smacking 80 runs off 76 balls. meanwhile, shikhar dhawan also registered 72 runs off 77 balls and shubman gill clobbered 50 runs off 65 balls. lockie ferguson was in top form for the visitors and took a three-wicket haul. meanwhile, tim southee also bagged three wickets.

follow all the updates here:
india vs new zealand live score: four! nz win by 7 wickets!
a good length delivery by arshdeep, outside off. williamson smacks it past deep third to his right for a four!
nz win by 7 wickets and go 1-0 up!
india vs new zealand live score: four!
a short delivery by thakur and latham pulls it to deep midwicket for a four!
india vs new zealand live score: three fours! nz need 11 from 24 balls!
the third delivery of this over by chahal, is slammed by latham to wide long-on for a four. then comes a full delivery, on middle and off, latham reverse sweeps it past the wicketkeeper for a four!
in the final delivery, he hammers it to deep backward square leg, past umran for a four!
nz: 296/3 (46), target: 307
new zealand need 11 from 24 balls
india vs new zealand live score: one run, nz need 25 from 30 balls
a yorker by arshdeep, on middle. latham glances it to fine leg for a single.
nz: 282/3 (45), target: 307
new zealand need 25 from 30 balls.
india vs new zealand live score: six!
a good length delivery by arshdeep, on off. latham pulls it over fine leg for a six!
india vs new zealand live score: four!
a full delivery by arshdeep and latham slams it wide of cover for a four!
india vs new zealand live score: four!
a full delivery by umran, in on middle. williamson slams it to deep midwicket for a four!
india vs new zealand live score: six!
a full delivery by umran, on middle and off. lathan tries to smack it over square leg, but top edges it over the wicketkeeper for a six!
india vs new zealand live score: one run
a full delivery by chahal, and latham sweeps it to fine leg for a single.
india vs new zealand live score: one run, tom latham gets his ton, nz 241/3 (40), target 307
a full delivery by thakur, on the stumps. latham drives it to long-on for a single and also gets his hundred!
nz: 241/3 (40), target: 307
new zealand need 66 from 60 balls!
india vs new zealand live score: four fours in a row!
latham takes on thakur and first pulls him in front of square leg for a four, followed by a four between the wicketkeeper and short fine. then lathan pulls him behind square leg for another, followed by another between backward point and short third.
india vs new zealand live score: six!
a short delivery by thakkur and latham pulls it over deep square leg for a six!
india vs new zealand live score: four!
a yorker by arshdeep, around off and angling in. latham inside edges it past the stumps for a four!
nz: 211/3 (38.1), target: 307
india vs new zealand live score: four! nz 187/3 (35), target 307
a full dleivery by umran, on the pads. lathan guides it over midwicket for a four!
nz: 187/3 (35), target: 307
new zealand need 120 from 15 overs.
india vs new zealand live score: one run, latham gets his fifty!
a length delivery by sundar, around off. latham smacks it to long-on for a single. he also gets his fifty!
india vs new zealand live score: six!
length delivery by umran, down leg side. latham launches it over fine leg boundary for a six!
india vs new zealand live score: four!
a length delivery by umran, outside off. latham slams it behind point for a four!
india vs new zealand live score: no run, nz 163/3 (32), target 307
chahal tosses it up and williamson guides it to short third. no run.
nz: 163/3 (32), target: 307
new zealand need 144 in 18 overs.
india vs new zealand live score: one run, nz 150/3 (30), target 307
a full delivery by chahal, outside off. williamson guides it to long off for a single.
india vs new zealand live score: four! fifty for kane williamson!
a short delivery by thakur, on middle. williamson pulls it to fine leg for a four and also gets his fifty!
a captain's knock!
india vs new zealand live score: one run, nz 128/3 (27), target 307
a good length delivery by arshdeep, on off. williamson glances it to square leg for a single.
nz: 128/3 (27), target: 307
new zealand need 179 from 23 balls.
india vs new zealand live score: huge six!
sundar tosses it up, wide of off. williamson slams it over long-on for a huge six!
india vs new zealand live score: four! nz 111/3 (23.4), target 307
a full delivery by sundar, on off. latham sweeps it past fine to his left for a four!
nz: 111/3 (23.4), target: 307
india vs new zealand live score: four! nz are 100-up!
a short delivery by umran, outside off. latham slaps it past the fielder at deep third for a four!
new zealand are 100-up!
india vs new zealand live score: four!
chahal tosses it up, full outside leg. latham sweeps it past the fine leg fielder who was inside the circle for a four!
nz: 93/3 (20.5), target: 307
india vs new zealand live score: out! umran malik is at it again!
a short delivery by umran, wide outside off. mitchell gets an outside edge to deep backward point for a catch!
mitchell c sub hooda b umran 11 (16)
india vs new zealand live score: four!
a good length delivery by umran, anglin in. williamson outside edges it past the slip region for a four! there were no slip fielders.
india vs new zealand live score: no run, nz 72/2 (16), target 307
a short delivery by umran, wide of off. mitchell leaves it.
nz: 72/2 (16), target: 307
india vs new zealand live score: out! umran malik strikes!
a full delivery by umran, wide off. conway tries to drive but ends up glancing it to pant behind for a catch!
conway c pant b umran 24 (42)
india vs new zealand live score: back-to-back fours!
a short length delivery by chahal and williamson pulls it to deep midwicket for a four!
in the previous ball, he pulled it over midwicket for a four!
india vs new zealand live score: three runs, nz 55/1 (1), target 307
a full delivery by umran, around off. williamson drives it through the covers. the fielder stops it from a boundary. three runs.
nz: 55/1 (13), target: 307
india vs new zealand live score: four!
a length delivery by thakur and conway clobbers it over extra cover for a four!
india vs new zealand live score: out! shardul thakur removes finn allen!
a length delivery by thakur, in the channel. allen outside edges it to pant for a catch! the finger goes up!
allen c pant b thakur 22 (25)
india vs new zealand live score: four! shot!
a full delivery by arshdeep, on the pads and conway glances it in front of square leg for a four!
new zealand need 289 from 47 overs now.
india vs new zealand live score: four!
a short of a length delivery by thakur, outside off. allen hammers it through cover point for a four!
india vs new zealand live score: no run, nz 3/0 (1)
a length delivery by arshdeep, outside off. conway misses. no run.
nz: 3/0 (1), target: 307
india vs new zealand live score: the action resumes!
allen and conway to begin the chase for new zealand. meanwhile, arshdeep will bowl the first over for india.
india vs new zealand live score: out! ind 306/7 (50)
a length delivery by southee, and thakur was too early for his shot. he edges it to the wicketkeeper for a catch!
thakur c latham b southee 1 (2)
ind: 306/7 (50), target: 307
india vs new zealand live score: four!
a good length delivery by southee, and sundar launches it over extra cover for a four!
india vs new zealand live score: six!
a short length delivery by henry, on middle and off. sundar pulls it over deep midwicket for a six!
ind: 298/5 (49)
india vs new zealand live score: back-to-back fours!
a low full toss by henry, of off. sundar scoops it over short fine leg for a four!
india vs new zealand live score: four! ind 281/5 (48)
a full length delivery by milne, around leg. iyer trickles it to fine leg for a four!
ind: 281/5 (48)
india vs new zealand live score: six!
a short delivery by milne, wide outside off. sundar ramps it up over the wicketkeeper's head for a six!
india vs new zealand live score: four! ind 268/5 (47)
a short delivery by southee, on off. iyer clears his front leg and hammers it to deep midwicket for a four!
india vs new zealand live score: out! milne removes samson!
a length delivery by milne and straight on the stumps. samson fails to connect well and it comes off the bottom of his bat! goes to phillips, who runs from deep square leg to midwicket, for a catch!
samson c phillips b milne 36 (38)
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: six!
a full delivery by santner, wide of off. iyer clobbers it over the bowler's head for a six!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: shreyas iyer gets his fifty!
a short delivery by santner, outside off. iyer hits it to deep point to reach his fifty!
ind: 221/4 (42)
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: two runs, ind 210/4 (40)
a short delivery by southee, on off. iyer guides it past midwicket for a double.
ind: 210/4 (40)
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: six! over long-on!
a good length delivery by southee, around fifth. iyer hoicks it over long-on for a six!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: four!
a short delivery by southee, around off. iyer puts his front foot forward and pulls it to deep midwicket for a four!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: four! pulled!
a good length delivery by milne, on leg. samson pulls it past the wicketkeeper's left for a four!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: four!
a good length delivery by milne, samson hammers it past deep third for a four!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: six!
a short delivery by milne, outside off. iyer hammers it for a six over deep third! shot!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: one run, ind 173/4 (36)
a short of a length delivery by santner, into off. iyer guides it to long-on for a single.
ind 173/4 (36)
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: four!
a length delivery by ferguson and around off. samson tries to defend but gets an inside edge past the stumps for a four!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: out! the big one
a length delivery by ferguson and suryakumar tries to tap at it. he outside edges it to allen for a catch at first slip!
suryakumar c allen b ferguson 4 (3)
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: out!
a short of a length delivery by ferguson and acorss. pant drags it back onto his own stumps, while trying for the pull.
pant b ferguson 15 (23)
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: 150 for ind!
a short delivery by santner and wide outside off. iyer cuts it to deep backward point for a double. india are 150-up!
ind: 150/2 (31.5)
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: one run
a length delivery by milne, on the pads. pant glances it to fine leg for a single.
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: no run, ind 142/2 (28)
a full delivery by henry, around off. iyer taps it to mid-off. no run.
ind:142/2 (28)
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: six!
a short delivery by ferguson and iyer upper cuts it over deep third boundary for a six!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: out! the important one!
a full delivery by southee, outside off. dhawan slices it to allen at backward point for a catch!
dhawan c allen b southee 72 (77)
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: out! the breakthrough!
a length delivery by ferguson on the pads and gill fails to time it. he hits it to the right of deep squaare leg for a catch!
gill c conway b ferguson 50 (65)
in walks, iyer.
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: one run
gill gets his fifty!
a full delivery by southee, outside off. gill taps it to mid-off for a single!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: six! shubman gill sends it into sightscreen!
a poor delivery by santner and gill skies it over the bowler's head and into the sightscreen for a six!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: four! 100-up for ind!
a short delivery by milne and dhawan ramps it over the wicketkeeper for a four! india get to the 100-run mark!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: four! shikhar dhawan gets his fifty!
pitched up by milne and dhawan clobbers it over wide long-on for a four and also brings up his half-century!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: four! to the deep backward point fence!
a short delivery by milne, offers width. dhawan upper cuts it to the deep backward point fence for a four!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: four! top shot!
a short delivery by milne, outside off. dhawan cuts it away with ease, to the square third boundary for a four!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: one run
a full delivery by santner, on off. gill directs it to long-off for a single.
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: back-to-back fours! ind 68/0 (15)
a straight delivery by ferguson and dhawan slams it through the midwicket for a four!
ind: 68/0 (15)
in the previous delivery, dhawan's strong cut shot send it through the gap in backward point for a four!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: four! ind get to 50!
a good length delivery by ferguson and outside off. gill slams it between point and deep third for a four! india are 50-up!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: six!
short of a length delivery by henry and gill ramps it over the slip region for a stylish six!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: no run, ind 28/0 (8)
a length delivery by henry, to the stumps. dhawan defends it with caution.
ind: 28/0 (8)
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: four! pulled to square leg boundary!
a short delivery by southee, and dhawan pulls it with much aplomb to the square leg boundary for a four!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: six! gill attacks henry!
a full delivery by henry and gill goes forward to hammer it over mid-on for a six!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: one run, ind 16/0 (4.4)
a short of a length delivery by southee, outside off. dhawan guides it to third man for a single.
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: four! through the covers!
a half-volley by southee and dhawan bends his back leg to drive it through the covers for a four!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: no run
a full delivery by southee, straight. dhawan defends it to covers.
ind: 4/0 (1)
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: four!
a full delivery by southee, around off. dhawan goes on the front foot to drive it between mid-off and mid-on for a four! opens india's account in the second ball!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: the action begins!
dhawan and shubman to open for india. southee to bowl the first over for new zealand.
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: time for national anthems!
both teams have entered the field for their respective national anthems!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: playing xis
india: shikhar dhawan(c), shubman gill, rishabh pant(w), shreyas iyer, suryakumar yadav, sanju samson, washington sundar, shardul thakur, umran malik, arshdeep singh, yuzvendra chahal
new zealand: finn allen, devon conway, kane williamson(c), tom latham(w), daryl mitchell, glenn phillips, mitchell santner, adam milne, matt henry, tim southee, lockie ferguson
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: 'would have bowled first', said shikhar dhawan
after toss, dhawan said, "it's an amazing place, i enjoy playing over here. no issues batting first, i would have bowled first. i feel the wicket is a bit sticky but the sun is out and it should dry out soon. with this team, we have played a few series earlier as well. it's a good opportunity for all the youngsters to perform and show their talents. we are very fortunate that we've got indians all over the world and they keep supporting us, we are grateful for it. we've got 2 debutants - arshdeep singh and umran malik."
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: 'going with four seamers', says kane williamson
after winning the toss, williamson said, "we are gonna have a bowl first. new surface and a few unknowns. most teams will have a lot of odi cricket now. each game is an opportunity to build as a side. it is unique, there has been a number fantastic games here. the guys are looking forward to this series. we are going with 4 seamers - lockie, milne, southee and matt henry - along with santner."
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: nz win toss, opt to bowl
new zealand captain williamson has won the toss and opted to bowl vs india.
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: arshdeep singh and umran malik to make debuts
arshdeep and umran will make their odi debuts today in auckland!
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: few more minutes for toss!
few more minutes for toss, which is scheduled for 6:30 am ist.
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: 'he absolutely will be missed', said ane williamson
ahead of the match, williamson explained axing guptill from the squad. "he absolutely will be missed, but he is not retired, so there's a lot to keep working through over the next period to get a real feel for how the picture looks", said the nz skipper.
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: 'we guys have been performing well for a period of time', said shikhar dhawan
ahead of the match, dhawan said, "we guys have been performing well for a period of time. at the same time, talking about myself, i have to keep performing. i know till the time i perform, it would be good for me. it keeps me on my toes and keeps me hungry."
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: squads
india: shikhar dhawan(c), shubman gill, shreyas iyer, suryakumar yadav, sanju samson(w), deepak hooda, washington sundar, shardul thakur, deepak chahar, umran malik, arshdeep singh, yuzvendra chahal, kuldeep yadav, rishabh pant
new zealand: finn allen, devon conway(w), kane williamson(c), glenn phillips, daryl mitchell, michael bracewell, james neesham, mitchell santner, lockie ferguson, tim southee, adam milne, matt henry, tom latham
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: big chance for shubman gill and shreyas iyer
the series will be huge opportunity for shubman and shreyas to cement their positions in the the odi team ahead of the world cup.
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: india look to improve!
the last time, india visited new zealand in early 2022, they lost 0-3 in the odi series, and also were defeated by new zealand in the semi-finals of the 2019 world cup.
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: head-to-head
in terms of head-to-head, both sides have faced each other in 110 odis, with india winning 55 of them. meanwhile, new zealand have won in 49 occasions.
india vs new zealand 1st odi live: hello and good morning everyone!
hello and good morning everyone! welcome to our live coverage of today's first odi between india and new zealand, straight from eden park in auckland. stay tuned folks, for some exciting cricket!
