india-vs-new-zealand-1st-odi-live-streaming-when-and-where-to-watch-ind-vs-nz-live-on-tv-and-online-101669281085399.
with t20is done, the men in blue have now set their eyes on glory in the three-match one-day international(odi) series against hosts new zealand. the first match of the series will be played on friday, november 25. opener shikhar dhawan is the stand-in captain for team india in the 50-over format.
the odi series is being seen as india's preparations for the upcoming odi world cup in 2023. team india is sporting a young look with youngsters like sanju samson, washington sundar, umran malik and deepak chahar filling in the shoes of seniors in their absence from the tour.
also read: kane williamson's brilliant answer to ‘will you be picked in ipl auction’ question ahead of india odis
as odis are a different ball game than the t20is, dhawan and co. will prefer technically sound batters at the top rather than power-hitters. probably, that's why ishan kishan is not a part of the squad. in his absence, dhawan will open the innings alongside shubman gill. in the middle order, suryakumar yadav, shreyas iyer and rishabh pant will be in play. in deepak hooda and washington sunday, india have got two good all-rounders.
without mohammed siraj and bhuvneshwar kumar, the team is expected to play deepak chahar and shardul thakur alongside pacer arshdeep singh. kuldeeep yadav is likely to be the lead spinner ahead of yuzvendra chahal, for his good showing in the odis against south africa before the t20 world cup. team india would like to go 1-0 up in the series with a win on friday.
here are the live streaming details for india vs new zealand 1st odi:-
where will the india vs new zealand 1st odi match be played?
india vs new zealand 1st odi match will be played at eden park, auckland.
when will the india vs new zealand 1st odi match be played?
india vs new zealand 1st odi match will be played on friday, november 25, 2022.
what time will the india vs new zealand 1st odi match start?
india vs new zealand 1st odi match will start at 7:00 am ist.
which tv channels will broadcast india vs new zealand 1st odi match in india?
india vs new zealand 1st odi match can be watched on dd sports.
where can i watch the live stream of india vs new zealand 1st odi match in india?
india vs new zealand 1st odi match will be streamed live on amazon prime video. you can also catch the live commentary, score updates here at hindustantimes.com/cricket
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
