the-biggest-myth-in-the-world-virat-kohli-s-epic-reply-to-fan-s-meat-remark-101669296025287.
former india captain virat kohli is getting all geared up for the upcoming bangladesh tour in december. team india is scheduled to tour the country for two tests and three one-day international(odi) matches. the first match of the tour, 1st odi will be played on december 04, sunday.
kohli is well known for his fitness regimen and his strict diet habits, to his fans. in an instagram post on thursday, the india cricketer can be seen running on the treadmill, pulling weights and training hard on his fitness and physique. the 34-year-old captioned the video, "back at it" and in a few hours, the post got viral on social media.
a post shared by virat kohli (@virat.kohli)
also read: shikhar dhawan reacts to being replaced by kl rahul as india captain for zimbabwe odis, says 'wasn't hurt'
reacting to the post, one fan commented that the indian batter had proved the belief wrong that meat was required to gain a muscular body.
"and then they say you can't be muscular if you don't eat meat," the fan's comment read.
kohli replied to the fan's remark and said "hahaha the biggest myth in the world."
interestingly, the right-handed batter who loved eating non-vegetarian meal in his youth turned vegetarian some years ago for health benefits.
team india is currently touring new zealand and kohli isn't a part of that tour as he was rested alongside captain rohit sharma and openre kl rahul. the men in blue are done with the three-match t20is series against the kiwis, having clinched it 1-0. the 1st t20i was abandoned due to rain, india won the second t20i while the 3rd t20i was tied as per the dls method after rain interrupted play.meanwhile the three-match odi series gets underway from friday. opener shikhar dhawan is leading the indian team in the 50-over format.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
