imran-khan-ordered-a-pint-of-milk-in-a-nightclub-wasim-akram-recalls-funny-anecdote-about-former-pakistan-captain-101669289639692.
sportspersons often create fond memories while playing the game and especially if they're teammates, the experiences go a notch higher. former pakistan cricketers wasim akram and imran khan, were teammates when the asian nation lifted the world cup in 1992. while wasim was an upcoming swing bowler, imran was the team's captain and an established all-rounder in world cricket.
in an interaction with “the grade cricketer”, akram recalled one fond memory when he went to a night club in london, with skipper imran. sharing the funny anecdote, the fast bowler revealed how imran ordered a pint of milk at the club because he didn't drink alcohol.
also read: ‘we’ll have to sack every contracted australian player to get suryakumar yadav': maxwell on india batter's bbl chances
“for me, it (partying) was fun. i was young and imran said, ‘let’s go to a nightclub’. he called me in my room. i said, ‘yes skipper, i am ready’. we went to a nightclub in king’s cross (london). he walked in and people recognized (him)," reminisced akram.
"he ordered a pint of milk because he never drank in his life. they got him milk in a nightclub! there was a queue of only girls to shake hands with imran. i just said, 'that’s awesome',” he added.
today both akram and imran are legends of the game and world renowned ex-cricketers. in the final of 1992 world cup against england, akram was the player of the match as he scalped three important wickets including that of sir ian botham and also scored a quickfire 33 off just 18 balls. meanwhile imran was the top scorer for this team as he hit 72 off 110 balls to help pakistan score 249/6 in 50 overs.
playing for pakistan, imran took 544 wickets and scored more than 7500 runs in international cricket. while akram scalped 916 wickets and scored more than 6500 runs in tests and odis together.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
