well-have-to-sack-every-contracted-australian-player-to-get-suryakumar-yadav-maxwell-on-india-batter-s-bbl-chances-101669287872382.
indian cricketers are currently not allowed to play in overseas leagues. the only way for them to throw their hat in different franchise leagues is by retiring from all forms of indian cricket. but suppose there was no restriction, chances are the indian cricketers would have ended among the highest paid more often than not, sparking a bidding war. apart from rohit sharma, virat kohli, jasprit bumrah, hardik pandya, the one other indian cricketer who could earn fortunes in foreign leagues is suryakumar yadav. the right-hander is in the form of his life. the pace and consistency with which he is scoring runs at the highest level is almost impossible to believe.
australia all-rounder glenn maxwell, who is himself known to be one of the fiercest ball-strikers of the game, said suryakumar yadav is incredibly talented. when asked if there was a chance to get him play in the big bash league - australia's t20 league - maxwell said they will have to sack every player on the roster to gather the amount needed to get the indian suryakumar yadav on board.
“we don’t have enough money. there is no chance. we will have to sack every player and the sack every contracted player of cricket australia and then hope he takes it," maxwell said in the grade cricketer podcast.
maxwell further explained why suryakumar yadav has achieved the kind of success he has in international cricket for the past year and a half or so. maxwell said sky gets into position so early and then uses his fast hands to find the gaps in the field at the last moment.
"he plays the field so well. his wrists and hand speed is so quick that he's able to make the last-second adjustments to make sure to get the ball into the gap. early on in his innings, he plays and misses a little bit cause he goes so hard, tries to put the bowlers under so much pressure. unless you get him out in those four or five balls, i don't think you get him out, he's just so good. the way he plays spin, the way he puts it over cover. he reverses pretty well, sweeps well and is still able to hit the ball straight down the ground. to have that ability to hit the ball all over the ground with so much power (is unbelievable). whenever a quick bowls fast, all of a sudden, he moves into position so quickly to play the pick-up shot over fine leg for six. and it just goes miles," he said.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
