rishabh-pant-sanju-samson-fans-in-war-of-words-after-wasim-jaffer-reveals-his-india-xi-for-first-odi-vs-new-zealand-sanju-kidhar-hai-101669284827497.
former indian opener wasim jaffer is facing the heat on social media after the newly-appointed punjab kings (pbks) batting coach shared his predicted playing xi for the upcoming meeting between india and new zealand on thursday. taking to twitter on the eve of the 1st one day international (odi) between the icc world cup 2019 semi-finalists, jaffer predicted the starting xi of the shikhar dhawan-led side.
with dhawan and shubman gill opening the innings, jaffer slotted shreyas iyer to the no.3 batting position. though jaffer picked rishabh pant for the series opener, the former indian opener snubbed power-hitter sanju samson while predicting india's playing xi against new zealand. "no wrist spinners cos eden park has small boundaries. backing sundar & hooda vs 4 nz lefties. bat deep with chahar @ 9. odis at eden park often decided by lower order camoes. #nzvind," jaffer added.
also read: exclusive: suryakumar yadav's 111 not out 'best t20 knock i've ever seen live'
my xi for 1st odi:dhawan (c)gilliyerpant (vc/wk)skyhoodawashishardulchahararshumranno wrist spinners cos eden park has small boundaries. backing sundar & hooda vs 4 nz lefties. bat deep with chahar @ 9. odis at eden park often decided by lower order camoes. #nzvind
jaffer's tweet about india's playing xi for the 1st odi has received over 5.5k likes on the microblogging site. fans of wicketkeepers pant and samson fans sparked a massive debate on twitter after jaffer revealed his playing xi. "no samson!!! the bias towards pant is clear and it’s disappointing that people who can highlight this are not doing so coz they are afraid of bcci," a fan hit back at jaffer. "it is understandable that everyone wants to have a left hander in the middle order. but enough is enough!," another twitter user added.

pant why, samson kidhar h
it is understandable that everyone wants to have a left hander in the middle order. but enough is enough!
no samson!!! the bias towards pant is clear and it’s disappointing that people who can highlight this are not doing so coz they are afraid of bcci.
after securing a series win over new zealand in the shortest format, india will hope to extend its winning run in white-ball cricket on friday. under the leadership of stand-in skipper dhawan, the rohit sharma-less side will meet kane williamson's new zealand in the 1st odi of the three-match series at eden park in auckland.

at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
