india-predicted-xi-for-1st-odi-vs-new-zealand-dhawan-returns-as-captain-but-it-s-samson-vs-pant-kuldeep-or-chahal-101669277890190.
team india are ready to begin their campaign against hosts new zealand in the three-match odi series. the first match of the series will be played on friday, november 25 in auckland. in the absence of rohit sharma, stand-in captain shikhar dhawan will be steering the ship for the visitors. hardik pandya, who led india to a 1-0 series-win in the t20is, has flown back home alongwith the likes of ishan kishan, mohammed siraj, and bhuvneshwar kumar.
like the t20is, some major team members will be missing in action in the odis as well. virat kohli, kl rahul, and captain rohit are not a part of the squad. youngsters washington sundar, sanju samson, umran malik, shardul thakur and deepak chahar have been included in the team for the series.
also read: ‘wanted a longer run in team india but hardik pandya came back…’: venkatesh iyer 'understands' why he was dropped
samson and speedster umran are the hot favourties for indian cricket fans who want the two to be seen in actionn on friday. but it's highly likley that both won't get the chance in the 1st odi as team management might refrain from experimenting too much. among the bowlers, chahar and thakur will probably handle the pace department alongside arshdeep singh. kuldeep yadav and washington are expected to be the spinners. kuldeep might get the nod ahead of chahal, given his good showing in the odi series against south africa before the t20 world cup.
among the batters, captain dhawan and shubman gill will be opening the innings for the men in blue. in the middle order, we expect to see suryakumar yadav at no.3, followed by shreyas iyer, rishabh pant and deepak hooda. the presence of all-rounders hooda and washington give great balance to the playing xi. while hooda provides the sixth bowling option, washington can be handy with the bat in the lower order.
india's predicted xi for the 1st odi against new zealand
openers: shubman gill, shikhar dhawan(c)
middle order: suryakumar yadav, shreyas iyer, rishabh pant
lower-middle order: deepak hooda
spinners: washington sundar, kuldeep yadav
pacers: shardul thakur, deepak chahar, arshdeep singh
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
