watch-shikhar-dhawan-kane-williamson-involved-in-banter-before-ind-vs-nz-odis-video-viral-101669273788926.
team india got off to a winning start as they sealed the three-match t20i series 1-0 against hosts new zealand. the men in blue are now all set to begin their campaign in the one-day internationals(odis) with stand-in captain shikhar dhawan at the helm. the first match of the three-match odi series will be held on friday, november 25. in a good news for the kiwis, skipper kane williamson is back to business.
ahead of the first odi, board of control for cricket in india(bcci) shared a video of some friendly banter between the captains of the two teams and titled it, "smiles, friendly banter & the trophy unveil!" on twitter. the video soon got viral on social media and can be watched here as well.
smiles, friendly banter & the trophy 🏆 unveil! #teamindia | #nzvind pic.twitter.com/3r2zh0znz3
also read: 'he's becoming a liability, show him exit door and bring in sanju samson': ex-india all-rounder blasts rishabh pant
like the t20is, the big guns kl rahul, virat kohli and rohit sharma are also missing in the odi squad. some of the youngsters like sanju samson, umran malik, washington sundar and deepak chahar are a part of the squad. cricket fans are expecting that samson and malik who were hot favourites to play in the t20i series but didn't get a chance, will finally have the opportunity to showcase their talent at the big stage. meanwhile hardik pandya, ishan kishan and bhuvneshwar kumar have been rested for the odi series.
the visitors had clinched the t20i series on tuesday as the they were leading 1-0 before the 3rd and final t20i which was tied after rain interrupted the proceedings. chasing a target of 161 runs, team india were 75/4 in nine overs when the play was stopped. later, the scores of both reams were level as per the dls method. india's mohammad siraj was declared player of the match while suryakumar yadav was adjudged player of the series.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
