shikhar-dhawan-s-stunning-response-about-mayank-agarwal-losing-captaincy-at-pbks-uska-merko-koi-darr-nahi-ind-vs-nz-1st-odi-101669244395111.
veteran indian opener shikhar dhawan was appointed as india's captain for the first time in 2021 when the asian giants toured sri lanka with their second-string side. with india continuing its leadership shuffle in the limited-overs format after the t20 world cup 2022, dhawan is all set to return to the helm for the upcoming one day international (odi) series against new zealand as the likes of rohit sharma, kl rahul and virat kohli have been given a breather from the entire tour - hardik pandya captained india in the t20i series which india won 1-0.
one of the biggest names in the indian premier league (ipl), india's stand-in skipper dhawan recently replaced opener mayank agarwal as the leader of the punjab kings (pbks) franchise. agarwal, whose batting performance while captaining pbks took a massive hit in the cash-rich league, was released by the punjab-based franchise on the deadline day prior to the mini-auction slated to take place next month.
also read: 'he is definitely a starter': dinesh karthik backs t20i outcast to feature for team india at 2023 odi world cup
speaking to espncricinfo about his leadership roles at team india and pbks, the newly-appointed captain of the ipl heavyweights said that he is not worried about losing captaincy. "jobs come and go, no worries. humne khaali haath aana hai, khaali haath hi jaana hai. yeh sab toh yahin reh jaana hai. to uska merko koi darr nahi. (we come into the world empty-handed and leave empty-handed. all this just remains here). i don't feel any fear about losing the job. (just because) i'm the captain, i don't want to put that load on myself, saying ‘okay, i have to do it this way or that way.’ i will just play the game based on our team goals, based on what the team demands, what it needs," dhawan said.
white-ball maverick dhawan was signed by pbks for inr 8.25 crore at the ipl mega auction. the senior batter smashed 460 runs in 14 games at an average of 38.33 during his first season at the pbks franchise. the 36-year-old has amassed 6,243 in 206 ipl matches. before leading the franchise pbks in ipl 2023, dhawan will look to secure another series win as the captain of the men in blue. dhawan-led team india will meet new zealand in the 1st odi on friday.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
