national-team-playing-against-a-village-team-aakash-chopra-reacts-to-tamil-nadu-s-435-run-win-in-vijay-hazare-trophy-2022-101669042887923.
tamil nadu routed arunachal pradesh by 435 runs in the group c match of vijay hazare trophy 2022. in the massive win, tamil nadu batted first and scored a record 506/2 in 50 overs. openers sai sudharsan and n jagadeesan stitched an incredible 416-run partnership for the first wicket. sudharsan was dismissed after scoring 154 runs in 102 balls while jagadeesan hit a fantastic double century scoring 277 runs in just 141 balls. in reply, arunachal pradesh were bowled out for a mere 71 runs in 28.4 overs as tamil nadu's manimaran siddharth picked a fifer.
former india cricketer aakash chopra has opined on tamil nadu's massive win over arunachal pradesh. in a series of tweets, he talked about the diminishing standards in domestic cricket and took a dig at lodha commitee which had implemented several reforms in india's domestic cricket, one of the biggest ones being one state one team policy, bringing the northeastern into the sceheme of things.
"how’s this correct? it’s like a national team playing against a village team. nothing against the performers…it’s not their fault if their opponents are weak…but what purpose does it serve to have this sorta contest?," posted chopra on twitter.
how’s this correct? it’s like a national team playing against a village team. nothing against the performers…it’s not their fault if their opponents are weak…but what purpose does it serve to have this sorta contest? pic.twitter.com/edtgnrk5ia
"india’s success at the highest level is the result of bcci creating an extremely robust domestic structure. a structure that tested and prepared the next generation to don the india colours. constant efforts were made to bridge the gulf between teams," he added.
india’s success at the highest level is the result of bcci creating an extremely robust domestic structure. a structure that tested and prepared the next generation to don the india colours. constant efforts were made to bridge the gulf between teams. 1/n
respected lodha committee changed that system on its head. states were not remotely ready to field teams in ranji trophy but without ensuring that they were given years to prepare, they were thrown at the deep-end. in the garb of equal opportunities and eventual improvement. it resulted in these newly included states scampering to put a team together. fringe players from bigger teams were brought in…which resulted in defeating the very purpose of their inclusion. also, the lopsided contests devalued first class records massively," he explained
respected lodha committee changed that system on its head. states were not remotely ready to field teams in ranji trophy but without ensuring that they were given years to prepare, they were thrown at the deep-end. in the garb of equal opportunities and eventual improvement 3/n
"in principle, there’s a lot of merit in including as many teams as it takes to cover a country of 1.3 billion people. but the haste with which lodha committee implemented the great thought and plan…made it ineffective. the greatness of an idea is often in its execution. ends," concluded chopra
in principle, there’s a lot of merit in including as many teams as it takes to cover a country of 1.3 billion people. but the haste with which lodha committee implemented the great thought and plan…made it ineffective. the greatness of an idea is often in its execution. ends.
meanwhile with the enormous win, tamil nadu has continued its unbeaten streak in the tournament and is currently at the top of the table in group c with 22 points after five wins in six games.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
