ravindra-jadeja-yash-dayal-ruled-out-of-bangladesh-odi-series-kuldeep-sen-and-shahbaz-ahmed-named-replacements-101669218592375.
veteran indian all-rounder ravindra jadeja and young left-arm pacer yash dayal have been ruled out of the white-ball series against bangladesh. on wednesday, the all-india senior selection committee decided to name fast bowler kuldeep sen and all-rounder shahbaz ahmed as the replacements for dayal and jadeja for the upcoming 3-match one day international (odi) series against bangladesh in december.
as per the recent developments, dayal has a lower back issue and he is ruled out of the series. star all-rounder jadeja, who is yet to recover from his knee injury, will remain under the supervision of the bcci medical team. veteran all-rounder jadeja had earlier sustained a knee injury which also kept him out of the t20 world cup 2022 in australia. india also missed the services of pace ace jasprit bumrah at the t20 world cup.
also read: ravindra jadeja unlikely to get fit for india vs bangladesh test series: report
the indian duo of kuldeep and shahbaz was earlier named in the team india squad for the 3-match odi series against hosts new zealand. the bilateral series is scheduled to get underway on 25th november in auckland. "they will now be a part of the squad travelling to bangladesh. no replacements have been named for the odi squad currently in new zealand,” the bcci said in a media advisory.
india’s squad for new zealand odis: shikhar dhawan (c), shubman gill, deepak hooda, suryakumar yadav, shreyas iyer, rishabh pant (vc and wk), sanju samson (wk), washington sundar, shardul thakur, yuzvendra chahal, kuldeep yadav, arshdeep singh, deepak chahar, umran malik.
india's squad for bangladesh odis: rohit sharma (c), kl rahul (vc), shikhar dhawan, virat kohli, rajat patidar, shreyas iyer, rahul tripathi, rishabh pant (wk), ishan kishan (wk), shahbaz ahmed, axar patel, washington sundar, shardul thakur, mohd. shami, mohd. siraj, deepak chahar, kuldeep sen
the indian selectors have also picked india a squad for two four-day matches against bangladesh a.
india a squad for 1st four-day game: abhimanyu easwaran (c), rohan kunnummal, yashasvi jaiswal, yash dhull, sarfaraz khan, tilak varma, upendra yadav (wk), saurabh kumar, rahul chahar, jayant yadav, mukesh kumar, navdeep saini, atit sheth.
india a squad for 2nd four-day game: abhimanyu easwaran (c), rohan kunnummal, yashasvi jaiswal, yash dhull, sarfaraz khan, tilak varma, upendra yadav (wk), saurabh kumar, rahul chahar, jayant yadav, mukesh kumar, navdeep saini, atit sheth, cheteshwar pujara, umesh yadav, ks bharat (wk).
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
