shikhar-dhawan-is-definitely-a-starter-dinesh-karthik-backs-t20i-outcast-to-feature-for-team-india-at-2023-odi-world-cup-101669202194365.
after team india wrapped up the t20i series in their favour, the focus now shifts to one of the purest formats of the game as the visitors are set to resume their rivalry with hosts new zealand in the one day internationals (odis). under the leadership of stand-in skipper hardik pandya, team india registered a 1-0 series win over new zealand in the shortest format.
with pandya rested for the odi series, veteran opener shikhar dhawan is set to lead the rohit sharma-less side in the three-match series against new zealand. dhawan-led team india will meet kane williamson's new zealand in the 1st odi at auckland's eden park on friday. speaking ahead of the odi series opener, veteran indian batter dinesh karthik backed stand-in skipper dhawan to feature for team india at the 2023 odi world cup.
also read: 'sanju samson was batting well, i thought he should've played in my place'
“from the kind of vibe that i get, he is definitely a starter for the world cup; otherwise, they wouldn’t be having him around. he’s obviously on the other side of 30. they could easily move on from him. just the fact that they have him shows that they are very keen about having him in the odi team and he’s been a gun player in icc tournaments, somebody who rises to the occasion and he has played at a fair clip consistently,” karthik told cricbuzz.
karthik, who was the eldest member of the indian team at the icc world t20 2022, also highlighted dhawan's exploits in the 2019 edition of the 50-over world cup. dhawan slammed a match-winning ton against australia at the oval before the indian opener was ruled out of the 2019 world cup with a thumb injury.
“even in the 2019 world cup, he really did well till he got injured. so, he’s somebody you can bank on unless something drastically changes in terms of his form completely falling out. he is somebody whom you can trust as an opener, knows his game plan, uses his crease very well," karthik added.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
