bangladesh-move-india-odi-from-dhaka-due-to-protest-threat-101669191745750.
bangladesh cricket board (bcb) has moved an odi from the upcoming series against india outside dhaka. the decision was taken in the wake of a protest, which could paralyse the capital city on the same day.
team india will be traveling to bangladesh next week for their first tour to the country since 2015. the action kick-starts with a three-match odi series, which was initially scheduled to be held in dhaka. however, after the latest announcement, the final odi, which was scheduled to be played on december 10 has been shifted to chattogram.
also read: dinesh karthik gives verdict on whether india should lock hardik pandya as next captain
the change in venue will allow the proceedings to continue smoothly as bangladesh nationalist party (bnp) have announced a rally on the same day, and it is expected to throng hundreds of thousands on to the streets of dhaka.
"chittagong was originally scheduled to host one test. we felt there should be an odi at the venue too," bangladesh cricket board (bcb) operations chief jalal yunus told afp on wednesday.
jalal however, refused to comment if the last minute change was done to avoid the clash but a report by newspaper new age said the move was taken in order to avoid the rally.
also read | yuvraj singh issued notice for putting unregistered goa villa as homestay online: report
the odis start from december 4, and it will be followed by a two-match test series, out of which one will be played at chattogram. the red-ball matches start from december 14-18 and dhaka from december 22-26.
rohit sharma and virat kohli, who have been rested from the ongoing tour against new zealand, will make a return for the series against bangladesh.
rajat patidar has also got a call and it will be interesting to see if he and rahul tripathi gets game time in bangladesh.
ravindra jadeja also makes a return to the squad for the series.
-with afp inputs
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
