dinesh-karthik-gives-verdict-on-whether-india-should-lock-hardik-pandya-as-next-captain-101669121312691.
it may not have been the way that this new-look team india would have wanted to start their post t20 world cup period, but it was victory nonetheless for the men in blue. under hardik pandya's captaincy, india maintained their unbeaten run as the third t20i against new zealand ended in a draw via dls method on tuesday in napier, leaving the visitors as champions in the three-match series. following the win, dinesh karthik gave his verdict on whether selectors should lock in on hardik as the future india captain. the all-rounder led india as regular captain rohit sharma and vice-captain kl rahul were rested.
hardik has been immensely touted by veterans and experts of the game to take over the reins in t20i cricket after india's yet another disappointing t20 world cup outing in australia and given rohit sharma's age. he had earlier led india to a 2-0 series-win in ireland and now india have won the series in new zealand 1-0 under him.
also read: 'there was never a valid reason for sacking kohli as captain. ab jeet liye trophy?': ex-pak skipper's brutal dig at bcci
although focus in the series was mainly on how india would bounce back after the world cup and how the fringe players would make most of the chances, it was definitely an opportunity for hardik to present his case a future india leader, and karthik believes he sure did impress, especially with his decisions on the field.
“he had a very good series albeit it being a very short series. i think in the limited time that he was on the field, he called all the right shots. what was important even today was that when india were behind, when new zealand were batting in the 15th over, to pull it back with the right bowling changes and the right field set was good to watch. and then obviously makes a statement with the bat. it shows a leader who is willing to express himself and who is willing to walk the talk,” he told cricbuzz.
the new zealand tour will now shift to the three-match odi series, starting friday in auckland.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
