hardik-pandya-s-reply-to-on-sunil-gavaskar-ravi-shastri-s-new-india-t20i-captain-remark-101669129840794.
there is no doubt about the fact that hardik pandya has raced ahead of kl rahul and rishabh pant as far as the next india limited-overs captain is concerned. officially, kl rahul is still the vice-captain but if the reports are to be believed then the opening batter's disappointing show in the asia cup and t20 world cup has not only hurt his future captaincy but also put a question mark on his place in the shortest format of the game. hardik, on the other hand, is shining not only with bat and ball but also as a leader. he led gujarat titans to the ipl 2022 title and captained india to series wins in ireland and now in new zealand. this has prompted the likes of sunil gavaskar and ravi shastri to pick hardik as the next t20i captain for india.
after india won the three-match t20i series against new zealand following the third t20i ending in a tie via dls method, hardik was asked how he perceives the views of sunil gavaskar or ravi shastri, who see in him as a long-term captain.
"koi agar bol raha hai toh accha feel hota hai (if people are saying, you feel good about it) but till something happens officially, you can't say," pandya said on tuesday in the post-match press conference.
"to be honest, my thing is simple, if i do one match or one series, i will lead the team my way, how i see and perceive the game. whenever i am given the opportunity, i will always go out and play the brand of cricket i know. as a unit, we will display my brand. as far as whatever (captaincy) comes in future, we will see," the baroda player said.
flamboyant batter sanju samson and speed merchant umran malik missed out on game time during the series but pandya insisted that there is "enough time" for everyone to get "enough opportunities" and a "long rope".
"had it been a bigger series and not three games, we could have played them. but i don't believe in chop and change in a short series and going forward also that will be my philosophy," he added.
but he understands that people don't like sitting on the bench and there needs to be frank conversations where both captain and the player are able to express themselves."it's not difficult to handle the situation where players feel security. i share a cordial rapport with all players and the players i am unable to pick, there is nothing personal and even they know it. it is because of the combination i am not able to play them," he said.
"i am a people's man and if anyone feels otherwise, my doors are always open to come and chat with me. i understand their feelings. sanju samson is an unfortunate case. we had to play him but for some strategic reason, we couldn't play him," he was frank in his admission.
the discussions, no matter how frank it is, players who miss out are bound to feel bad and pandya empathises with them.
"i can understand that if i stand in his shoes that even if you are continuously benched for india. it is difficult, as much as i speak to them, it's no consolation for not playing, but at same time, if i can repeat the point and keep a healthy atmosphere, it's fine.
"if players are feeling bad, they can come and speak to me or the coach. going forward, if i remain the captain, i don't think that will be an issue. my behaviour and nature ensures that we are a close-knit unit.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
