exindia-pacer-tears-into-hardik-pandya-vvs-laxman-for-benching-sanju-samson-vs-new-zealand-101669123064510.
sanju samson missed out on team india's roster for the t20 world cup, despite his fantastic form in the format. so when the rajasthan royals (rr) captain was included in hardik pandya's squad for the three-match t20i series vs new zealand, fans expected the wicketkeeper-batter to be given a chance to prove himself. but it has all gone downhill for samson, who just warmed the bench during the series, which ended on monday. so it wasn't much of a surprise that former india cricketer dodda ganesh took to twitter to lash out at the hardik pandya-led team management for failing to give the 28-year-old a chance.
in the third and final t20i, india featured rishabh pant as the wicketkeeper-batter and shreyas iyer occupied the no. 4 slot in the batting order. after winning the second t20i, india could only tie the match. the hosts posted 160 in 19.4 overs and india were 75/4 in 9 overs when rain came down heavily in napier. accoring to the dls method, india needed to score 76 at the loss of four wickets in 9 overs to win the match if it didn't resume. as it turned out, the rain was hard enough for the umpires to call off the match and since india were at par with the dls score, the match ended in a tie. the series ended 1-0, in india's favour with the first match getting abandoned.
also read | bcci bombarded with tough questions after birthday tweet on umran malik before india vs new zealand 3rd t20i
taking to twitter, ganesh questioned samson's exclusion and wrote, "sanju samson still doesn’t get a game. hard to fathom this #doddamathu #crickettwitter #nzvind".
sanju samson still doesn’t get a game. hard to fathom this #doddamathu #crickettwitter #nzvind
he also felt that samson should have started ahead of iyer, and asked the 'indian think tank' to learn from their mistakes. "by picking iyer ahead of samson the indian think tank has reiterated that they’ll not learn from their mistakes and they shall never change their approach towards t20 #doddamathu #crickettwitter", he wrote.
by picking iyer ahead of samson the indian think tank has reiterated that they’ll not learn from their mistakes and they shall never change their approach towards t20 #doddamathu #crickettwitter #nzvind
meanwhile, one fan questioned his criticism of iyer's selection, to which he replied, "it’s not about a player doing wrong. samson is better suited for t20s than iyer. the think tank need to understand this. iyer is a quality odi player."
india are scheduled to face new zealand in a three-match odi series, with samson included in shikhar dhawan's squad. he will be hoping to get his chance to impress.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
