live-score-india-vs-new-zealand-2nd-t20-2022-ind-vs-nz-latest-scorecard-at-mount-maunganui-101668919358212.

india vs new zealand t20 highlights: suryakumar yadav continued his rich form as india registered a 65-run win over new zealand in the second t20i in mount maunganui on sunday. the number one ranked t20i batter scored an unbeaten 111 off 51 balls, powering india to a gigantic 191/6 in 20 overs. in response, new zealand could only manage 126 before running short of wickets as their innings was wrapped up in 18.5 overs. deepak hooda scalped three wickets in the 19th over, and returned with exceptional figures reading 4/10 in 2.5 overs. meanwhile, this was suryakumar's second century in t20is. he took 49 deliveries to complete the milestone, a knock which featured eleven 4s and seven 6s. tim southee also completed his hattrick earlier in the day. the pacer packed hardik pandya, deepak hooda and washington sundar in consecutive deliveries in the final over. there was also a rain interruption in the initial stage of the match, but thankfully there were no further weather interruption. catch the highlights of ind vs nz:

follow all the updates here:
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: ind win by 65 runs
deepak hooda scalps three wickets in the 19th over as new zealand innings is wrapped up for 126/10 in 18.5 overs.
with this india win by 65 runs and take a 1-0 lead in the series.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: williamson departs
siraj strikes as williamson's resistance finally comes to an end. he departs for 61 (52). nz: 125/7 (18 overs)
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: 50 for williamson
kane williamson scores fifty in 48 balls. new zealand 117/6 in 17.1 overs against india (191/6) in mount maunganui
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: excellent fielding effort by shreyas iyer
excellent fielding effort by shreyas iyer. williamson struck it well against arshdeep, and it looked like the bowl was going over the long-on fence but shreyas iyer plucks a superb catch but releases the bowl after realising the momentum will take him past the boundary ropes.
12 runs come off the over as nz reach 111/6 after 17 overs.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: siraj strikes
mohammed siraj strikes as he completes an easy caught and bowled to get rid of mitchell santner. the batter departs for 2, after he gets a leading edge, and is collected by the bowler on his followthrough.
nz: 99/6 (16 overs)
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: pacers take charge
hardik pandya has got his pacers back as arshdeep singh bowls the 15th over and concedes just seven runs.
meanwhile, mohammed siraj has joined the attack from the other end. nz: 99/5 (15.4 overs)
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: wickets continue to tumble
deepak hooda strikes as new zealand lose their fourth wicket. daryll mitchell is the batter dismissed as he is caught at long on by shreyas iyer for 10.
chahal bowls his final over and scalps his second wicket of the match. jimmy neesham takes the aerial route, only to find ishan kishan, who completes the catch without any fuss. nz: 89/5 (13.3 overs)
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: nz struggle to find the big hits
chahal keeps thing tight as new zealand struggle to find the big hits. eight runs come off the over as the hosts reach 85/3 after 12 overs. they need 107 runs in 48 balls
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: good start by hooda
deepak hooda is introduced into the attack and he starts off with a six-run over. nz: 77/3 (11 overs)
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: chahal joins the party
new zealand lose wickets in quick succession as yuzvendra chahal cleans up glenn phillips in the next over. he departs for 12. nz: 69/3 (9.3 overs)
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: sundar strikes
washington sundar provides india with a much-needed breakthrough. devon conway is caught by arshdeep singh for 25.
glenn phillips is the new man in the middle and he starts with a four. nz: 60/2 (8.2 overs)
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: chahal introduced in the attack
yuzvendra chahal is introduced into the attack and he starts with a short ball, which is smashed strong by conway but an excellent effort in the field by ishan kishan saves it from reaching the fence.
seven runs come off the over as nz reach 56/1 in 8 overs.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: expensive start by washington sundar
washington sundar is introduced into the attack and conway combines with williamson to push the bowler on backfoot.
two fours and a six come off the over as 17 runs come off it. nz: 49/1 (7 overs)
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: end of powerplay
another boundary by conway as sirj pitches it up and outside off. the batter gets on top of it and hits it over mid-on for a boundary.
meanwhile, we are done with powerplays and new zealand have muster 32 runs for the loss of one wicket.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: nz rebuild
bhuvneshwar kumar comes in to bowl his third over as williamson and conway try to rebuild the innings.
conway also hits the bowler for a boundary, after he pitches it up right at his pads. meanwhile, new zealand reach 25/1 after 5 overs.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: excellent start by siraj
siraj starts off with an excellent over as three runs come off it. nz: 16/1 (4 overs)
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: bhuvneshwar keeps thing tight
another tight over by bhuvneshwar kumar as just two runs come off it.
meanwhile, there is a bowling change with mohammed siraj being introduced into the attack.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: couple of boundaries
arshdeep singh shares the new ball duties with bhuvneshwar kumar.
he starts with a three dot deliveries, before williamson flicks him towards the mid-wicket region for a four.
arshdeep then bangs it short, which flies over the wicketkeeper's head for a boundary and is also signalled as wide.
new zealand reach 11/1 after 2 overs.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: perfect start for ind
a perfect start for india as bhuvneshwar kumar strikes early. finn allen departs for 0, as he is caught at third man by arshdeep singh.
kane williamson joins devon conway in the middle. nz: 0/1 (0.2 over)
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: hattrick for southee
tim southee strikes in consecutive balls, but the important thing here is that he has kept suryakumar yadav off the strike.
hardik pandya was the first batter to depart after being caught by neesham at long-off for 13. deepak hooda, and washington sundar were the other two batters dismissed as southee completed his second hattrick in t20is.
meanwhile, india pile 191/6 on the board, with suryakumar yadav returning unbeaten on 111 off 51 balls.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: suryakumar yadav slams 100
how can one stop surykumar yadav! lockie ferguson bowls a yorker, wide of the off stump and yadav gently guides it behind the wicket for a boundary.
he hits another four in the third ball and whacks another four to complete his century. he reaches the milestone in just 49 balls. this is his second half-century in t20is.
this time he guides a short ball over the keeper's head for another four. and finishes the over with a six. 22 runs come off the over as india reach 186/3 in 19 overs.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: suryakumar toys with kiwi bowlers
the party continues for suryakumar yadav as he hits adam milne all around the park. the batter hits the pacer for two sixes as 18 runs come off the over. ind: 164/3 (18 overs)
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: suryakumar deals in boundaries
kane williamson gets tim southee back into the attack and he is launced for a six in his first ball.
the runs keep coming as the batter hits him for a four in the second ball, before he bowls a wide.
the party continues as suryakumar guides a short ball by southee over the point fielder for another four towards the third man region.
ind: 146/3 (17 overs)
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: sky dictates the show
another audacious inside out by suryakumar yadav against santner, which results in a six. ind: 129/3 (16 overs)
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: sky slams 50
suryakumar yadav scores fifty in 32 balls. india 122/3 in 15.3 overs against new zealand.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: kiwis fightback
a tight over by ish sodhi as just six runs come off it, despite suryakumar slamming a four.
adam milne comes to bowl the following over and has so far kept both suryakumar and pandya quiet. just three runs come off it as india reach 119/3 after 15 overs.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: shreyas iyer falls for 13
williamson switches to pace and gets lockie ferguson back into the attack.
he is welcomed with a four and a massive six by suryakumar yadav. however, shreyas iyer is out hit-wicket in the same over as the batter departs for 13.
hardik pandya is the new batter in. ind: 110/3 (13 overs)
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: suryakumar continues his rich form
suryakumar continues his rich form as he plays a classic inside out against sodhi, which runs away to the cover boundary. he repeats the same in the following delivery but has to be content with two runs this time.
shreyas iyer joins the party and hits sodhi for a massive six over the long-off fence. he passes the strike back to sky in the following ball.
surykumar then finishes the over with another single.
expensive over as 15 runs come off it. ind: 97/2 (12 overs)
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: tight over by nz
seven runs come off the over by mitchell santner as india reach 82/2 after 11 overs.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: ishan kishan departs
ishan kishan departs shortly after the rain delay. he is caught by tim southee off ish sodhi's bowling. the batter tries to find the gap on the cover region but ends up handing a catch to southee. the batter falls for 36 off 31 balls.
shreyas iyer joins suryakumar yadav in the middle. and he starts off with a boundary. ind: 73/2 (9.2 overs)
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: suryakumar hits a 6
mitchell santner joins sodhi from the other end as both ishan kishan and suryakumar yadav rotate the strike with ease.
suryakumar finishes the over with a maximum, as he sends the ball over the square leg fence.
10 runs come off the over as ind reach 69/1 after 9 overs.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: ishan kishan continues from where he left
the action has resumed and williamson introduces spin and hands the ball to ish sodhi.
the bowler almost provides new zealand with a wicket in the first ball as he traps ishan kishan lbw, which is overturned after the batter opts for drs.
meanwhile, the outfield looks slightly slippery as ishan kishan continues his assault. whacks a flight ball, slightly wide straight down the ground for a boundary.
eight runs come off it as ind reach 59/1 after 8 overs.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: field inspection
the umpires are doing a field inspection. covers are being removed. waiting for an official update on the resumption of play.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: latest weather update
latest update says the rain has stopped and play likely to start shortly. lets keep our fingers crossed.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: despite the rain…
despite the rain the spirits remain high among the spectators. meanwhile, the groundstaff are engaged with their duties, ensuring the outfield remains dry.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: what happened so far
before rain interrupted the proceedings, india were batting on 50/1 after 6.4 overs. ishan kishan is batting on 28 off 22 balls. surykumar yadav, 6 off 5, is batting alongside.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: rain halts play
the umpire signals for covers as rain intensifies.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: end of powerplay
india muster 42 runs for the loss of one wicket in the powerplay overs.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: light drizzle
“it has started to drizzle at the bay oval but still very light. it's been this way for almost 5 mins now but neither india nor new zealand look too bothered. the dark clouds are passing, hence it shouldn't last long,” our reporter aditya bhattacharya sends us the latest update from bay oval.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: rishabh pant departs
lockie ferguson provides new zealand with the first wicket. he bangs it short against rishabh pant, who attempts a pull but gets an edge. the ball flies in the air, with tim southee running behind and he completes a superb catch.
pant departs for 6 off 13 balls.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: cracking four by ishan kishan
adam milne is reintroduced into the attack and he misses his length completely, and ends up bowling a fulltoss, wide of the off stump. kishan gets on top of it and whacks it through the cover region for a cracking four.
six runs come off the over as india reach 36/0 after 5 overs.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: massive six by ishan kishan
first bowling change by kane williamson as he brings in lockie ferguson. the pacer is hit for a massive six in his first ball by kishan, who then passes the strike back to pant.
nine runs come off the over as ind reach 30/0 after 4 overs.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: ishan kishan shows his class
tim southee comes to bowl his second over and is welcomed by ishan kishan with a four. it was a delicate touch, pushing the ball wide enough of devon conway as the ball reaches to the fence.
however, the bowler recovers well and concedes just three runs in the following five balls. ind: 21/0 (3 overs)
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: expensive start by milne
milne starts with a dot, before ishan kishan passes the strike to rishabh pant in the second ball.
the bowler then deviates from his line and bowls a wide, which beats the keeper and races towards the fence. he bowls another wide.
india reach 14/0 after 2 overs.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: milne, southee share new ball duties
adam milne will share the new ball duties with southee.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: pant hits a four
pant and ishan kishan start off cautiously as they watch the initial deliveries by southee. pant goes on to finish the over with a cracking four as india reach 6 for no loss after first over.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: here we go!
rishabh pant and ishan kishan walk out in the middle to kick-off the proceedings. tim southee leads the attack for black caps.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: pre-match rituals
the players, officials walk out in the middle as we get underway with the pre-match rituals.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: hardik pandya at toss
“we still need to assess the conditions and see how the wicket is behaving. if the wicket doesn't help you, and you try playing shots and lose wickets, and it doesn't rain, you might be in a difficult position. we'll assess the situation, and if the rain comes, we'll reassess.”
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: playing xis
india: ishan kishan, rishabh pant(w), suryakumar yadav, shreyas iyer, deepak hooda, hardik pandya(c), washington sundar, bhuvneshwar kumar, arshdeep singh, mohammed siraj, yuzvendra chahal
new zealand: finn allen, devon conway(w), kane williamson(c), glenn phillips, daryl mitchell, james neesham, mitchell santner, ish sodhi, tim southee, adam milne, lockie ferguson
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: williamson wins toss
kane williamson wins toss, opts to field.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: great news for fans
“we are good to go. the weather has cleared up brilliantly. around 2 hours back, it was bucketing down, not just pouring. but once it stopped, it got brighter, the sun was out and the groundstaff did the remarkable job to ensure the game starts on time. forecast now a lot better. should get a full 20-over match,” our reporter aditya bhattacharya sends us the latest update from bay oval.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: sun is out
the good news surprisingly is that the sun is out, toss will take place shortly.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: hardik pandya's leadership
hardik pandya has led the team earlier against ireland and west indies. we all witnessed  his leadership potential in the ipl, where he led gujarat titans to the trophy in their debut season.
now after a disappointing outing at the t20 world cup, talks are buzzing that hardik pandya could be handed the captaincy in the shorter format, in fact this series could have proved to be a litmus test for the all-rounder.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: interesting trivia
in an interesting trivia, team batting first have won all the t20is played at this venue. should hardik pandya consider batting if he wins the toss?
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: hello from bay oval!
the weather at the moment looks overcast, but the good news is that it's not raining or even drizzling at the moment. lets hope the weather remains as it is, if not better.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: what to expect
almost similar to wellington, thunderstorms are forecast on the match day, which may force officials to reduce the overs, hopefully that's not the case.
however, if things go worse there are also chances of the contest being entirely washed away due to rain.
india vs new zealand live score 2nd t20: hello and welcome!
hello and welcome to the live coverage of the second t20i between india and new zealand at bay oval in mount maunganui. the match is scheduled to start at 12:00 pm ist, and the toss for the same will take place half an hour ago. stay tuned for all the updates on the match!
