thats-karma-and-chetan-sharma-got-served-king-stands-tall-fans-react-with-virat-kohli-memes-after-bcci-sacks-selection-committee-101668824191550.
in their first major step after india's heartbreaking semi-final exit from the t20 world cup, the board of control for cricket in india (bcci) on friday sacked the entire chetan sharma-led national selection committee and invited fresh applications for the post. the other members of the committee included sunil joshi, harvinder singh and debashish mohanty. moments after the big news, fans on twitter filled the social-media website with virat kohli memes.
fans recalled the entire episode that had unfolded last year after india's disappointing group-stage exit in the t20 world cup following which kohli had voluntarily stepped down from the leadership role in t20i cricket. a month later he was removed odi captaincy which highlighted a huge underlying rift between kohli and the bcci administrators. then bcci president sourav ganguly had revealed that they had asked him to reconsider his decision, which chetan had reiterated as well, but kohli later contradicted it saying that he was informed just one-and-a-half hours before the selection meeting for the south africa tour. after the test series in january, kohli gave up on his test captaincy role as well.
also read: 'his strike rate is highest when he bat there. he can go gung-ho in...': karthik on pant's ideal batting spot in t20is
hence, when the news about chetan broke, twitter was filled with kohli memes. here are a few…
first ganguly and now chetan sharma sacked 😂pic.twitter.com/i8cok88emo
ganguly sacked, chetan sharma sacked,rohit to be sacked from t20 team,, mumbai lobby eradicated from powerbanglore blood -roger binny bcci presidentkohli back in form,,, 🌏 is healing
virat kohli back in form and everything looks better from social media to news channels to now bcci sacking undeserving ones like saurav ganguly and chetan sharma. indian cricket is healing.
roger binny to chetan sharma while kicking him out."the king sends his regards" pic.twitter.com/1wchnv8hle
chetan sharma sacked🥳🥳 pic.twitter.com/wrhggesdak
18th november last year chetan sharma removed virat kohli from captaincy.18th november this year, chetan sharma got sacked. this is karma and chetan got served. king still stands tall.#viratkohli𓃵 pic.twitter.com/g4obu8yhuh
once, india lost in the semi-final of the t20 world cup against england last week, the writing was always on the wall that chetan was on borrowed time. during his tenure, india lost to new zealand in the world test championship final, failed to make the knock-out stage in 2021 t20 world cup, and did not make the final of asia cup 2022 before incurring another t20 world cup failure.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
