live-score-india-vs-new-zealand-1st-t20-2022-ind-vs-nz-latest-scorecard-at-wellington-101668751108646.

india vs new zealand t20 highlights: the first t20i between india and new zealand in wellington was called-off due to poor weather conditions. rain continued to pour as the toss was delayed intitially but after a long wait officials decided to call it off without a single delivery being bowled. the action will now shift to mount maunganui, where the second t20i will be played on sunday.

follow all the updates here:
india vs new zealand t20 live score: match abandoned
the first t20i between new zealand and india has been abandoned without a ball being bowled.
india vs new zealand t20 live score: will harshal, siraj get game time?
harshal patel, who was not in good rhythm ahead of the world cup, was forced to warm the bench during the entire campaign. meanwhile, mohammad siraj too remained out of action after traveling with the squad as reserve.
the pair is likely to get some game time in the three match series.
india vs new zealand t20 live score: ind-nz squad comparison
if we compare the squads of both the sides, india have fielded a second string unit but all of them have ample experience in the international circuit.
new zealand, on the other hand, have stuck mostly with their core, with just martin guptill, and trent boult missing.
india vs new zealand t20 live score: ind's new ball prospects
bhuvneshwar kumar and arshdeep singh could be seen sharing the new ball duties. but it'll be interesting to see if the management hands umran malik an opportunity as the third seamer.
india vs new zealand t20 live score: the conditions remain dull
live pictures don't look promising at all. it is still raining and former new zealand cricketer simon doull says the forecast clears only after 10 pm local time (2:30 pm ist)
india vs new zealand t20 live score: what's the latest update!
while the conditions remain grim, we still have plenty of time for the cutoff. as per latest updates, it will starts at 21:46 pm (local time), which is 2:15 pm in india.
india vs new zealand t20 live score: focus on williamson
kane williamson didn't have a fruitful outing in the t20 world cup, particularly his strike-rate being questioned. he has also been released by ipl franchise sunrisers hyderabad, thus the series provides the new zealand skipper with a perfect opportunity to shut his naysayers.
india vs new zealand t20 live score: will shubman gill make his t20i debut?
shubman gill, who is yet to make his t20i debut, said - “i came here for the u19 world cup. made my odi debut here in 2019. good to comeback (to new zealand), feels good. definitely, i have fond memories coming back to nz.”
india vs new zealand t20 live score: who can open the innings for ind
if we look at the current squad, india will likely hand the opening responsibility to ishan kishan and shubman gill.
it will also be interesting to see if the team fields both rishabh pant and sanju samson in the playing xi.
india vs new zealand t20 live score: what happened in t20 wc
both india and new zealand had reached the semifinals of the recently-concluded t20 world cup, which was a forgettable outing for both.
the two sides will hope to start afresh heading into the series.
india vs new zealand t20 live score: rain has picked up
the drizzle has got heavier and the conditions don't look promising.
however, only the pitch area has been covered.
india vs new zealand t20 live score: opportunity for umran malik
umran malik returns to the scheme of things after spending substantial time in the domestic circuit, and with the india ‘a’ side.
zaheer khan, 2011 world cup winner, feels the outing is a perfect opportunity for the jammu and kashmir speedster to make himself a constant figure.
“umran has been a very exciting talent and this kind of exposure is definitely going to help him, it is about how he takes things forward if he wants to grab the spot consistently,” the ex-cricketer said.
india vs new zealand t20 live score: what does accuweather say
"there is a 81 per cent of chance at 7 pm wellington time (11:30 am ist). the match is slated to start at 12 pm ist. the chance of rain gets significantly reduced as the day progresses, but there is still 49 per cent chance of rain," as per accuweather.
india vs new zealand t20 live score: latest weather update
as per the latest update, the drizzle is back. the wait gets longer…
india vs new zealand t20 live score: washington sundar on his injury
“i have spent a lot of time at the nca, my stint at lancashire was amazing before i got injured, so i’ve worked a lot on my body, particularly my shoulder.”
india vs new zealand t20 live score: present conditions
as per latest update, the rain has stopped. the day has got slightly brighter as well.
however, the pitch covers are yet to be removed.
india vs new zealand t20 live score: full squads
india: shubman gill, ishan kishan, sanju samson, suryakumar yadav, hardik pandya(c), rishabh pant(w), deepak hooda, bhuvneshwar kumar, yuzvendra chahal, arshdeep singh, umran malik, washington sundar, mohammed siraj, shreyas iyer, kuldeep yadav, harshal patel
new zealand: finn allen, devon conway(w), kane williamson(c), glenn phillips, daryl mitchell, james neesham, mitchell santner, tim southee, adam milne, lockie ferguson, blair tickner, michael bracewell, ish sodhi
india vs new zealand t20 live score: toss delayed
the toss has been delayed due to wet outfield.
india vs new zealand t20 live score: hello and welcome!
hello and welcome to the live coverage of the india vs new zealand first t20i, which will be played in wellington. the action was scheduled to start from 12:00 pm ist, but it is unlikely due to rain. stay tuned for live updates!
