shoaib-akhtar-video-reveals-big-reason-behind-mohammed-shami-s-viral-karma-dig-twitter-says-galat-kya-bola-usne-101668402846746.
moments after pakistan's heartbreaking loss in the final of the t20 world cup, against england at the melbourne cricket ground on sunday, mohammed shami became the most trending name on twitter. it was because of brutal ‘karma’ dig he had taken at pakistan bowling legend shoaib akhtar's post after pakistan's loss. however, fans on twitter failed to understand the reason behind shami's tweet, until a theory was posed a group of few on the social-media website on sunday night as they shared a video of akhtar's comment on the india pacer a few days back.
akhtar did not write a word after pakistan's five-wicket loss. he only posted an emoticon of broken heart on twitter to express his feeling after the match. moments later, shami retweeted it writing, “sorry brother, its call karma”, and a few emoticons of broken heart followed.
fans were left asking the reason behind shami's tweet until a video surfaced on twitter showing akhtar's comment on the india pacer after the team's world cup exit.
also read: virat kohli, two other india stars included in t20 world cup team of the tournament
"india ko apni captaincy dekhni hogi. management has to take the blame. bowling department main confusing selection ke saath shami ko uthake leke aaye achanak hi. ache fast bowler hai but banta nehi tha (india need to see their captaincy. management has to take the blame. there were a few confusing selection in the bowling department, like one with shami, who all of a sudden was picked. he is a good bowler, but he didn't fit.)," he said in that video.
for context this what shoaib akhtar said about shami in his video.#engvpak https://t.co/ga3nhzuq4x pic.twitter.com/pradlug9ee
here is how twitter reacted to the video…
sahi to kaha ....poora saal khilaya hai seraj aur harshal patel ko aur suddenly shami ko world cup me le liya,.........shami ko shru se hi rakhna chhahiye,last time pe laya hai.....itni weak bowling,k 10 wicket se haare,,ek appeal tak ka mauka nh mila...
he is not wrong though. nothing against shami he played well but he came suddenly out of nowhere.
tbf he didn’t say anything wrong. if shami is one of your main bowler in the t20 team in big 2022 then how are you gonna win the wc
galat kya bola akhtar ne is video mein..2 times india lost by 10 wickets and in both times shami was in the bowling line up
akhtar did later respond to shami's post by sharing harsha bhogle's words for pakistan bowling attack and captioned it, “and this what you call sensible tweet ..”
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
