live-score-pakistan-vs-england-t20-world-cup-2022-final-pak-vs-eng-latest-scorecard-melbourne-cricket-ground-mcg-101668317042352.

pakistan vs england, t20 world cup highlights: pakistan may have only been able to score 137/8 but they made sure that england had to crawl their way to their second t20 world cup title. star all-rounder ben stokes, who was also a protagonist in england's 2019 world cup final win, hit the winning runs and scored his first-ever t20i half century in the process. he finished on 52 off 49 balls. pakistan looked capable of defending the total when they dialled up the pressure but stokes and moeen ali turned it around with some big hits in the last five overs. earlier, it was sam curran who led the way for england with figures of 3/12.

follow all the updates here:
pakistan vs england live score: england lift the trophy!
buttler finishes his chat and strolls over to lift the trophy. the firecrackers go up, they are bursting all around the colossal mcg. their talismanic captain retired just a few months before this tournament and they had a bit of a low phase under buttler. but here they are now, as undisputed champions of white-ball cricket. there were questions over ben stokes' place in this batting lineup even until the semi-final but he is the man who pushed them to the title today. as he did in the 2019 world cup and as he did in that famous headingley test. that's it from us here for this tournament but we have a lot of good stuff coming up on this match for the rest of the day. goodbye and goodnight!
t20 world cup live: jos buttler speaks
"this is the icing on the cake, to win the t20 world cup, just immensely proud. a long journey and a few changes, but we're reaping the rewards. fantastic tournament, pakistan was a valuable time for the group, but this is a way away from the ireland game.
on matthew mott, double world champion himself: "he's fitted in really well, quite a few aussies with us. he's led the coaching staff really well, gives the players great freedom and allows us to go out and trust ourselves.
"adil's over was outstanding, he's always the guy we throw the ball to to take something happen. it wasn't easy at all, got away to a decent start which controlled the run-rate, and that man ben stokes was there at the end. he's the ultimate competitor. in anything he does, a hell of a lot of experience to bank on, he timed it perfectly the impetus he and moeen had took it away from pakistan."
pak vs eng live score: babar azam talks
“congratulations to england, they fought well. we felt like home here, got great support at every venue. thanks for your support. i just told the boys to play our natural game, but we fell 20 runs short and the boys fought well with the ball. our bowling is one of the best attacks in the world. unfortunately shaheen's injury put us off, but that's part of the game.”
pak vs eng live score: pakistan receive their medals
they walk to the dias crestfallen. iftikhar ahmed collecting shaheen afridi's medal.
t20 world cup final live: the presentation ceremony
australia great mel jones is conducting the ceremony. firrst the officials get their mementoes before sam curran is given the player of the match and player of the tournament awards.
pakistan vs england live score: sam curran is also player of the tournament
"a little bit lost for words. we're going to enjoy this," he says. curran's death over bowling has won them a lot of matches in this tournament.
t20 world cup final live: sam curran is the player of the match
figures of 3/12 is hard to look past but curran says that stokes dserved this award more. "i don't think i should be getting this, the way stokesy played there... we're going to enjoy this occasion, very special. they had big square boundaries, so into the wicket, it offered for the seamers, nipping around and a challenge for the chase. the way i bowl, i go into the wicket with my slower balls and keep the batsmen guessing. world champions, how good! (on stokes) people question him, but there's no questioning him... he's the man!"
pakistan vs england live score: here is ben stokes
he seems a bit lost for words towards the end. that nightmare over in kolkata when brathwaite made everyone remember his name off stokes seems many centuries ago now. from that ruin emerged what has to be one of the most consistent big-match player of this generation accross formats. “in finals, especially chasing, you forgot all the hard work that came first. to restrict them to 130, the bowlers have to take a lot of credit. with ireland being so early in the competition, we had to address it, we can't carry baggage in tournaments. the best teams take it on the chin, and move onto the next challenge. a pretty good evening,” says stokes.
t20 world cup live: alex hales speaks
hales missed out on the 2019 world cup despite being an integral part of england's white bal revolution before that. he may not have done much in the final but there is no t20 world cup 2022 title without hales for england. "i didn't think this chance would come again, so special to be involved, this is the icing on the cake. pakistan are a high-quality attack so took time to find my feet... got a decent ball today!" he says.
pak vs eng live score: england beat pakistan by 5 wickets, win 2022 t20 world cup!
ben stokes hits the winning runs, of course it's him who does it! england are the first team to hold the odi and t20 world cup titles together. they are the foremost white ball team of this era and they have proven it. out come the england bench, they are all over stokes. jos buttler punches his fist, it was only a couple of months ago when there were people questioning if he should be leading this team after struggling to get his first win under his belt. well, this is his team allright, he has carried forward eoin morgan's legacy.
t20 world cup final live: four! stokes' first t20i fifty!
scores are level. he has got their in 47 balls, the man for the big matches. stokes beats cover to send it to the boundary. what a superstar! england just a run away from being the first team to hold both the odi and t20i world cup titles.
pakistan vs england live score: bowled him! another twist!
pakistan fighting till the end, wasim cleans up moeen with a yorker. it remains almost impossible for them but they continue to fight.
moeen ali b mohammad wasim 19 (12), england 132/5 in 18.2 overs
t20 world cup live: deficit into single digits!
stokes and moeen scamper for two off the third ball of the 18th and england now need just eight to win. almost there…
pak vs eng live score: four! moeen gets another!
it's all coming together. moeen takes a hard swinging at a short one, takes the top edge and flies behind to the boundary. england need just 12 to win from 18!
t20 world cup final live: back to back fours from moeen!
in just four balls, the momentum has shifted completely. moeen wallpos waseem through the covers, then pulls a short one fine for another boundary. suddenly, pakistan need just 20 to win off 22!
pakistan vs england live score: six! england 110/4 in 16 overs
13 runs off that over, england need 28 to win from 24. if that boundary was gold dust, this six are specks of diamond. smashes it over long-off, ben stokes is in the zone allright.
t20 world cup live: four!
right from the middle of stokes's bat. he thought he was gone two balls earlier when his shot fell just short of babar at long-on. now he hits a boundary that is just gold dust for england.
pak vs eng live score: afridi taken off!
that was the right thing to do in the end. afridi finally delivered the first ball but he was struggling big time. he is finally convinced to go off and iftikhar ahmed comes in to finish this 16th over.
t20 world cup final live: shaheen pulls out of his run-up
he is struggling here. just before he came in bowl, he was having a long conversation with the physio before this. he first takes a dummy run. and then he pulls out of his run up for the first ball. babar azam coming in and having a conversation with him…
pakistan vs england live score: four! timely boundary from stokes
slow delivery outside off, stokes steps back and slaps it through mid-on. that is a much needed boundary for england.
t20 world cup live: afridi runs back to the field
a sight for sore eyes for the pakistan fans. england are 89/4, need 49 to win from 36. it looks like a straightforward chase on paper, especially considering england have stokes and moeen in the middle with livingstone, curran and woakes to come. and yet such is the ferocity of pakistan's fight that it's anyone's game at the moment.
pak vs eng live score: gone! pakistan are back in it!
but it looks like shaheen afridi may have hurt himself while taking that brilliant catch. pakistan have dialed it up in these last two overs, putting their bodies on the line in the field. brook smashes shadab to long-off, afridi is in play, he comes forward and takes that catch absolutely flat. afridi is hurt because he jabbed his knee into the ground.
brook c shaheen shah afridi b shadab khan 20 (23), england 84/4 in 12.3 overs
t20 world cup live: 10 overs gone, england 77/3
almost a mix-up in the end as brook goes for a single off the last ball of the 10th. he is at the middle of the pitch when stokes sends him back, the throw is not that great and so he is safe.
pak vs eng live score: four! perfection this time from stokes!
wasim trying the yorker length fourth ball of the 10th, stokes leans into the drive and it was placed and timed so beautifully that it beats the fielder to the boundary.
t20 world cup final live: four! lucky stokes
stokes tries to reverse sweep shadab off the thir ball of the ninth over. gets a bottom edge and it sneaks through to the boundary behind the wicketkeeper.
pakistan vs england live score: england 61/3 in 8 overs
harry brook takes a blow on the elbow off the last ball of that over and so he is getting some medical attention. quiet period in the match which always comes of course after the sixth over ends but pakistan would not want even that considering how much they are defending.
t20 world cup live: england 49/3 in 6 overs
ben stokes and harry brook are out there. senior and junior, and the former has been in arguably bigger moments than these at least once in his career. england need some of the calmness that he can bring. pakistan, want the opposite. they have been agents of chaos so far and they want to continue being that. haris rauf did leave the field immediately after that over.
pak vs eng live score: gone! it's buttler!
edged and gone! haris rauf and the pakistanis are a cock-a-hoop. they have got the big fish and now make a real case for themselves.
buttler c mohammad rizwan b haris rauf 26 (17), england 45/3 in 5.3 overs
t20 world cup final live: england 43/2 in 5 overs
that has to be one of the best overs bowled in this tournament with a wicket taken. naseem beats buttler off the last ball which means the only ball of that over off which the england captain was not beate was the one which he scooped over the boundary.
pakistan vs england live score: six! buttler extraordinaire!
he had been beaten three times by naseem shah in the first four balls. what does he do? well he scoops a length delivery for a six over the wicketkeeper's head of course. just sensational.
t20 world cup live: five wides!
naseem angles the second ball to buttler's hips, he can't tuck it away but it beaps the diving rizwan as well.
pak vs eng live score: gone! salt falls, rauf strikes!
oh wow, just as it looked like salt and buttler were running away with it. hard length from rauf, salt hits it straight to midwicket. ben stokes comes out now.
salt c iftikhar ahmed b haris rauf 10 (9), england 32/2 in 3.3 overs
pakistan vs england live score: four! the golden touch of buttler!
timing, placement, everything. that was exquisite from the england captain. afridi goes full on leg and buttler gets his front pad out of the way and clips it through midwicket. he is looking quite good today.
t20 world cup live: england 21/1 in 2 overs
phil salt hits the first ball he faced in the match to the boundary to make it three for the over. meanwhile, the rain is getting slightly heavier but it is not worrying the umpires at all.
pak vs eng live score: back to back fours!
that's jos buttler for you. naseem shah comes in for the second over, the first ball swings late away and beats buttler. but the england captain then dispatches the next two balls for four.
t20 world cup final live: out! hales knocked over!
oh a beauty from shaheen! are pakistan about to get into one of their ‘qudrat ke nizam’ modes here? lovely length, shaping into the stump late and hales is completely done for. now then, now then!
hales b shaheen shah afridi 1 (2), england 7/1 in 1 over
pakistan vs england live score: they are back!
jos buttler and alex hales return and shaheen afridi has the ball in his hands. who will lay their hands on the trophy will depend upon how these first 3-4 overs go.
t20 world cup live: three wickets in the first 6 overs or game over?
that is what harbhajan singh thinks. he said that he is pretty disappointed with the way babar azam went about his business and pakistan have to put england under pressure early. they had chased down 169 without losing a wicket in the semi-finals and so pakistan have a real uphill struggle in their hands.
pak vs eng live score: rashid talks
"as long as the collective is doing well, it's not an individual game. assess the pitch and conditions, they may like the ball a bit quicker, so slowing it up was my strength. a lot of twos and threes out there, so run hard to the boundary fielders, and be courageous. if we'd been offered 137 so we'd have been very happy."
pakistan vs england live score: pakistan 137/8 in 20 overs
just clinical from england. they knew exactly what they needed to do against each of the batters. just 31 runs given away in the last five overs with four wickets as well. sam curran and adil rashid are the heroes thus far for england but this match is far from over. there was a lot of turn on the pitch and if rashid had a good time, so will shadab.
t20 world cup live: four! a boundary at last!
so pakistan do get a boundary before the end of this innings. shaheen afridi swings hard, gets a top edge and that flies over the keeper's head for a boundary.
pak vs eng live score: four overs since the last boundary
the death overs have been the opposite of what they would it is supposed to be for any normal side. another wicket falls in the last over, pakistan probably won't reach 150 here.
t20 world cup live: out!
the pressure to score is producing wickets now. it's sam curran's third and he has surpassed adil rashid now as england's best bowler.
nawaz c livingstone b curran 5 (7), pakistan 129/7 in 18.3 overs
pak vs eng live score: out! pakistan falling in a heap
spooned to livingstone at mid-on again. this time it is shadab khan and the bowler is chris jordan. pakistan in a real soup here.
shadab khan c woakes b jordan 20 (14), pakistan 123/6 in 17.2 overs
t20 world cup final live: out! that's it for masood!
masood flings it in the air and livingstone takes a simple catch at mid-on. second wicket for sam curran. he gets the third ball of the over to shape away from masood slightly on off stump and that did the batter in.
masood c livingstone b curran 38 (28), pakistan 121/5 in 16.3 overs
pakistan vs england live score: extraordinary rashid
his four overs are done and he has figures of 2/22. one of those overs was a wicket-maiden if you can believe it. this could well be the difference between victory and defeat for england. pakistan 98/4 in 14 overs.
t20 world cup live: four!
adil rashid's last over and the third ball is pumped through the line by shadab and sent over the bowler's head for four.
pak vs eng live score: gone! another falls!
edged and gone! pakistan in all sorts now. bit of an extra bounce, iftikhar has a waft and edges it to buttler. england bouncing around.
iftikhar ahmed c buttler b stokes 0 (6), pakistan 85/4 in 12.2 overs
pakistan vs england live score: out! it's babar and it's rashid again!
oh, what a catch! googly from rashid, babar smacks it down the ground and the bowler dives low to his right to take it.
babar azam c & b rashid 32 (28), england 84/3 in 11.1 overs
pakistan vs england live score: four, wide and six!
masood goes after livingstone, much needed for pakistan. masood smacks the fourth ball of the 11th down the ground for a four, livingstone sends in the next one wide after which masood smacks the next one down the ground for a six.
t20 world cup live: 10 overs gone, pakistan 68/2
just three fours and one six in the first 10 overs, six of which were of course in the powerplay. england will be very happy with how things have gone so far but this can be seen as a poor start or fantastic laying of foundation from pakistan's perspective based on what happens next.
pak vs eng live score: out! rashid strikes first ball!
adil rashid bowling the eighth and he gets a wicket off his very first ball! haris tries go over long-on, can't quite middle and it puts it straight down the throat of the man standing at that position.
haris c stokes b rashid 8 (12), pakistan 45/2 in 7.1 overs
t20 world cup final live: four! cheeky from haris
he just helps this ball with almost a casual scoop over fine leg for the second boundary of the over. that has made this powerplay slightly better for pakistan, they are 39/1 after 6 overs
pakistan vs england live score: four!
not a delivery woakes will be proud of. slow and short going own the leg side from over the wicket and babar wait for it before pulling away to the boundary. bit of a free hit. pakistan 33/1 in 5.2 overs
t20 world cup live: out! rizwan chops on!
it's officially a great start for england. sam curran, contender for player of the tournament, gets the first wicket for his team in the world cup final. full delivery on off and slanting in, rizwan goes for a drive, ends up getting an inside edge and the ball crashes into leg stump.
rizwan b curran 15 (14), pakistan 29/1 in 4.2 overs
pak vs eng live score: 12 from the fourth over, pakistan 28/0 in 4 overs
much needed for pakistan and they will need much more of this in the powerplay. for now, despite that six, their innings is looking quite similar to how india looked in the part of their innings, except that they haven't lost a wicket yet.
t20 world cup final live: six! boundary at last for pakistan!
woakes bowling the fourth and rizwan goes down on one knee off the first ball and sends it sailing over the backward square leg boundary. first boundary of the pakistan innings coming in the fourth over but better late than never. pakistan 20/0 in 3.1 overs
pakistan vs england live score: pakistan 12/0 after 2 overs
no boundaries yet, babar and rizwan are knocking off the singles and doubles but not able to find the ropes. so far, so good for england.
t20 world cup live: almost a run out!
it's all happening in this first over. rizwan and babar go for a single that was just not there off the fourth ball. chris jordan collects at mid-off and hurtles the ball at the non-striker's end. rizwan was not even in the frame when balled passed the stumps but, jordan missed his target.
pak vs eng live score: stokes starts with a no ball and a wide!
two runs without a ball bowled. no-ball signalled first up and it's a free hit. then the ball whistles past rizwan's grill down the leg side and that's a wide.
t20 world cup final live: here they are!
babar azam and mohammad rizwan come out to open the innings for pakistan, as they have done this whole tournament. ben stokes to bowl england's opening over, as he has done the whole tournament. this is it!
pakistan vs england live score: national anthems done!
england first and then pakistan. the stadium reverberates with the sounds of the two anthems. the england players stay while all but two of the pakistan squad clear out, alongwith all the rest of the paraphernalia on the field.
t20 world cup live: chanderpaul brings out the trophy!
west indies batting great shivnarine chanderpaul has carried the trophy out on to the field. the teams will follow soon.
pak vs eng live score: party at the mcg
there is a bit of a closing ceremony show going on at the mcg, which is why the toss took place early. it's a sea of green in the stands, with little dots of blue here and there. but that blue is also interspersed with the blue of indian jersies standing among the pakistani majority.
t20 world cup final live: both sides going for history
the west indies are the only team to have won this tournament more than once but today, they are certain to be joined in that bracket by another team. pakistan (2009) and england (2010) have both won this tournament before.
pakistan vs england live score: imran khan's message for pakistan
it was in 1992 when pakistan beat england at the mcg to complete one of the most extraordinary runs in the history off the odi world cup with the trophy in their hands. imran khan, famously, was the captain at the time and he has a message for the current lot of players. “my msg to pak cricket team today is the same i gave our team in the 1992 world cup final. first: enjoy the day as one rarely gets to play in a world cup final & don't get overawed by it. second: you will win if you are willing to take risks & can cash in on mistakes by opponents; that means playing with an attacking mindset. good luck; the whole nation is praying for your success,” he says in a couple of tweets
t20 world cup live: babar azam's words
“we would've also bowled first but toss is not in our hands, so we will try to put runs on the board and put pressure on them. we have good momentum with us and will try to continue with it. we lost our first few games but have come back strongly and want to continue that in the final. a win always gives you confidence and with the way the team is playing we will give our 100 percent. yes history repeats (referring to the 1992 world cup), we will try to win this game and hold the cup. same team.”
pak vs eng live score: what jos buttler said
“we are going to bowl first. huge game, good nerves and there's a lot of good energy around the team. great energy in the stadium and we are looking forward to a great game. both teams come into this final in red hot form and we are looking forward to a tough challenge. i think it is a good wicket and hopefully it will stay the same throughout. obviously there's a little bit of weather around which is why we chose to bowl. we start fresh today, we bring confidence from the other day but we know it counts for nothing today. same team.”
t20 world cup final live: pakistan xi
babar azam(c), mohammad rizwan(w), mohammad haris, shan masood, iftikhar ahmed, shadab khan, mohammad nawaz, mohammad wasim jr, naseem shah, haris rauf, shaheen afridi
pakistan vs england live score: england xi
jos buttler(w/c), alex hales, philip salt, ben stokes, harry brook, liam livingstone, moeen ali, sam curran, chris woakes, chris jordan, adil rashid
t20 world cup live: toss time!
jos buttler wins toss, england to bowl first. babar azam says that he would have chosen to bowl as well.
pak vs eng live score: shaheen afridi
afridi's tournament has been a microcosm of how pakistan have played thus far. he had a largely forgettable super 12 stage, looking half-injured and rarely touching 135kmph. but he looked better against bangladesh and then, the kiwis bore the full brunt of him finally discovering his purple patch. it is safe to assume that he will be after the throats of the england batters today.
pakistan vs england live score: mr. bean derby
the emergence of a rivalry between zimbabwe and pakistan fans over a fake mr.bean might just be one of the more bizarre sporting developments to have come out of any icc tournament, past or future. that game, which zimbabwe incredibly, and rather hilariously, won, was called the mr. bean derby but that's arguably a better name for this final. england, after all, is the home of the original bean.
t20 world cup live: england's road to the final
it can be easy to forget that england's route was pretty incredible as well. they lost to ireland, then had a game washed out against australia but then nudged into the semi-finals. there they faced an india team who had done very little wrong in the super 12 stage. but on the day, india's top order lumbered out the first 10 overs and an extraordinary blitz from hardik pandya could only get them to 168. it was no easy total to chase but somebody tell england that - alex hales and captain jos buttler unleashed themselves on the under pressure indians and won the match with 10 wickets to spare.
pak vs eng live score: pakistan's road to the final
england may have looked ominously strong in the semi-final against india but pakistan seem to be in one of those grooves. it looked like they had no chance after they lost their first two matches against india and, shockingly, zimbabwe. but then it is when they are down that they are the most dangerous in these big tournaments and, with luck smiling on them in the form of netherlands beating south africa, new zealand ended up getting the full blast of pakistan's brilliance when they are on a roll. the seemingly strong kiwis lost by seven wickets, utterly outplayed for much of the game and here we are, with pakistan breathing fire and eyeing their second t20 world cup title.
pak vs eng live score: so far so good
no rain thus far at the mcg. let us hope that it stays that way for at least much of the day, if not all of it.
pakistan vs england live score: the playing conditions
this match will go to a reserve day only if either one of the sides are deemed as unable to play at least 10 overs, as opposed to the usual five because this is a knockout game. originally, 30 extra minutes was provided after the scheduled close of play for the match to finish on sunday but the icc said today that this has been extended to two hours.
t20 world cup live: pakistan full squad
mohammad rizwan(w), babar azam(c), mohammad haris, shan masood, iftikhar ahmed, shadab khan, mohammad nawaz, mohammad wasim jr, naseem shah, haris rauf, shaheen afridi, khushdil shah, mohammad hasnain, haider ali, asif ali
pak vs eng live score: england full squad
jos buttler(w/c), alex hales, philip salt, ben stokes, harry brook, liam livingstone, moeen ali, sam curran, chris woakes, chris jordan, adil rashid, david willey, tymal mills, mark wood, dawid malan
t20 world cup final live: how the showers hover
“cloudy. high (80%) chance of showers. the chance of a thunderstorm, possibly severe with damaging winds and large hail. possible heavy falls. winds north to northwesterly 15 to 25 km/h becoming light in the late evening.” that's the forecast for the day on australia's bureau of meteorology's website. not exactly what one wants to see when there is a cricket match to be played.
pak vs eng live score: hello and welcome!
this is it! this is the one! today's the day, tonight's the night! or maybe it isn't. maybe all this will draw to a conclusion tomorrow in front of a significantly emptier mcg because the rain gods, who have been particularly cruel to this tournament at this ground, decided to put one final spanner in the works. the icc has, however, decided to fight it out this time. they have somehow wrestled two more hours at the mcg, which means that there is a very good chance that the eventual winners will be out there till the wee hours of monday morning. hoping for some kind of action ahead of a final might be a rather bleak way to buildup to a marquee event such as this but then hey, rain delays and washouts are all cricket as well, you know.
