billiondollar-industry-wali-team-piche-rehgayi-aur-pakistan-aage-nikal-gaye-ramiz-raja-s-brutal-dig-at-india-101668145406457.
arch-rivals india and pakistan incurred two contrasting runs in this ongoing t20 world cup. the two faced each other at the start of the tournament in melbourne where india won the thriller. since then, pakistan fell low, but bounced back miraculously to make the final. india, on the other hand, scripted a brilliant run in the group stage, only to be halted in the semis by england. following the results on thursday in adelaide, pcb chief ramiz raja took a brutal dig at india and the bcci with his old ‘billion-dollar industry’ remark.
pakistan were on the brink of elimination a week back when they went down 43 for four in the must-win south africa game. they bounced back in that match and the won two in a row while being aided by netherlands, who stunned the proteas, to make the semis. pakistan then beat new zealand to reach the t20 world cup final for the first time since 2009.
india won four of their five group games to finish atop in points table. however, a rampaging attack from england openers, alex hales and jos buttler, ended india's run as they were defeated by 10 wickets in adelaide.
also read: 'arre kya ho gaya bro?': akhtar's cheeky dig at irfan for 'grace padosiyon ke bas ki baat nahi' tweet after india loss
speaking to the media ahead of the pakistan-england final, ramiz said that people themselves have doubted the team and this world cup showed why you shouldn't before he took a dig at team india with his ‘billion-dollar industry’ remark, a statement which he had earlier made before the world cup opener at the mcg.
“hum apne aap ko doubt karte rehte hai. aap dekhe world cricket kitne peche reh gayi hai aur pakistan kitna aage nikla hai. aap dekhe, iss world cup me nazar aagaya. ki billion-dollar ki industry wali teams peeche reh gayi hai aur hum jo hai woh upar nikal gaye hai. toh kahi cheez toh theek kar rahe hai na hum. so uska aap enjoy bhi kare and respect bhi kare. issi team main se, pichle mahine ne main hi teen players icc ke best players declare huyi hai. toh kahi cheez toh theek kar rahe hai na (we doubted ourselves. we all saw in this world cup how pakistan is far ahead of other billion-dollar teams. so we are doing certain things right. like last months three cricketers were picked as icc player of the month),” he said.
pakistan will face england on sunday at the mcg.
at ht sports desk, passionate reporters work round the clock to provide detailed updates from the world of sports. expect nuanced match reports, previews,reviews, technical analysis based on statistics, the latest social media trends, expert opinions on cricket, football, tennis, badminton, hockey,motorsports, wrestling, boxing, shooting, athletics and much more. ...view detail
