india-vs-england-live-score-t20-world-cup-2022-ind-vs-eng-semi-final-latest-scorecard-at-adelaide-oval-101668055114030.

india vs england, t20 world cup 2022 highlights: jos buttler and alex hales made a mockery of the 169-run target that india set for england. the openers chased it down with four overs to spare and emphatically booked a place for themselves in the final at the mcg, where they will face pakistan. . buttler finished on 80 off 49 balls while hales was on 86 off 47 as england finished on a score of 170/0.

follow all the updates here:
t20 world cup 2022: the end for india
so that is how it ends. a rather sensational fall for an indian team that was going along pretty well until today. hardik pandya's incredible knock feels like it happened 10 years ago now, buttler and hales's onslaught has almost overshadowed everything that went right for india in this match and indeed, in this tournament. but, it's all cricket at the end of the day, and we will be back because there is now a final to look forward to between two incredible teams. england vs pakistan may not quite be an india vs pakistan and there may even be a lot of cricket lovers accross the border who may have been saddened by today's result. but, it is an interesting match-up between two incredible t20i teams anyhow. that match will happen at the mcg on sunday. see you then!
india vs england t20 live score: jos buttler's thoughts
"[the ireland game] feels a long time ago. the character we've shown to get through the tournament since then, and put in our best performance today, has been amazing. we came here excited, it was a really good feeling when we came in. a group effort from 1 to 11. we always want to start as fast as we can and aggressive. adil rashid was down at no. 11 today, and that gives us the freedom to come out aggressive, that depth. hales was tough to bowl at today, he used the dimensions of the ground, and we complement each other perfectly. he was a brilliant partner today. special praise to chris jordan for coming in today, not having played so far, and he ran into hardik playing fantastically at the death, but i thought he handed that really well."
ind vs eng live score: rohit sharma talks
“it's pretty disappointing how we turned up today. i thought we still batted pretty well at the back end to get to that score, but we were not good enough with the ball. it was definitely not a wicket where a team can come and chase it down in 16 overs. with the ball we didn't turn up today. when it comes to knockout stages, it's all about handling the pressure. depends on the individual as well. you can't teach anyone to handle pressure. when these guys play the playoffs in the ipl and all that, those are high-pressure games, and they're able to handle it. the way we started with the ball was not ideal. we were a little nervy, but you have to give credit to the openers as well. they played really well. when bhuvi bowled the first over it swung today, but not from the right areas. we wanted to keep it tight, not give room, because square of the wicket was an area we were aware of - that's where the runs came today. if we keep it tight and the batsman still score runs, we'll take it. but we didn't do that today. in the game against bangladesh it was tricky as well, but i thought we held our nerve that day, executed well.”
india vs england live score: rohit sharma with his head down
rohit sitting in the dugout with his head crouched down. he is looking utterly despondent. rahul dravid eventually, sits with him and pats his back in consolation. this is a bruising loss and it has come out of nowhere really. india have looked so good throughout this tournament but somehow, they fall short once again in the semi-final.
live score india vs england: alex hales is the player of the match
"a huge occasion, really happy with the way i played. i think this is one of the best grounds to bat in in the world. great value to hit your shots with the short square boundaries, and a ground i have good memories at. i never thought i'd play in a world cup again, and to get a chance is a special feeling. it's a country i love playing in. jos was unbelievable out there."
t20 world cup 2022: england beat india by 10 wickets, to face pakistan in final
six to end the 16th over and the match by the england captain. buttler finishes on 80 off 49 balls, hales on 86 off 47 balls. the indian shoulders are slouched, they have been completely flattened by these two batters. just two indian bowlers have managed an economy in single digits. it is going to be england vs pakistan at the mcg, just as how it was england vs pakistan at the mcg back in 1992. is that a sign for pakistan? we can only wait and see. for now, india players and fans have to drag themselves off the field and the stands. they have been absolutely pulverized today.
india vs england t20 live score: england 156/0 in 15 overs
just two runs in the 15th over but who cares about that now. england need 13 to win off 30 balls.
ind vs eng live score: dropped and four!
india have crumbled here, they have lost their heads completely. buttler looks for a repeat of that shot off the next ball and skies it. mid-off and mid-on going for it, it is the former who gets to the ball and suryakumar drops it. just to rub salt and garam masala into the wounds, he ends up parrying it away from kohli, the mid-on fielder and it goes to the boundary.
india vs england live score: six! oh that is just extraordinary from buttler
straight at a length as shami misses the yorker off the second last ball of the 14th, buttler middles it beautifully and sends it over the bowler's head for a six.
live score india vs england: six! 50 for buttler
a touch too short from pandya, buttler pulls it over the boundary to get to 55 off 36.
t20 world cup 2022: four! buttler rejoins the party
ramped to the fine leg boundary. buttler has been silent for the last few overs, he reminds everyone that he is there too, you know. moves to 49.
india vs england t20 live score: four! india blown away by the hales storm
ashwin bowls the last ball short and wide because of that previous shot and hales sends it careening through the off side. if this match is an orchestra, hales is its conductor.
ind vs eng live score: six! no.7 for hales!
ashwin loops the second last ball of the 12th on middle and leg and hales sweeps it over deep backward square leg for his seventh six.
india vs england t20 live score: last time india conceded a 100-run opening stand…
was in that opening match of the 2021 t20 world cup against pakistan. india went on to lose it by 10 wickets, not that indian fans need any reminding of it of course. especially at this stage…
ind vs eng live score: six! england cross 100!
hard length from pandya first ball of the 11th, hales swivels away for a six. he seems to have decided to hit a boundary in some way or the other off the first ball of every over. england running away with it.
india vs england live score: four! oh what a shot from hales
what can india do here. arshdeep handed the ball to try and get a wicket, he goes back of a length for the first ball on around middle and off. that should cramp any player up but hales somehow makes room and creams it through the off side. that is just extraordinary.
ind vs eng live score: england 91/0 in 9 overs
pant needs some treatment and so the umpires take drinks. gives the indians some time to breath. england need just 78 to win off 66 balls, buttler and hales have pulled the rug from under india's feet. some stern words from rohit to his team mates in the huddle.
india vs england t20 live score: schoolboy fielding error, four runs for england
wow a lot of stares going shami's way from the indian players. buttler scoops pandya's second delivery, shami collects the ball at the boundary and it should have been just two runs for england. however, the fast bowler tries a relay to the fielder in front of him instead of just sending it back to the wicketkeeper, ends up throwing the ball well over his teammate's head and the batters run two more. india are losing it here.
t20 world cup 2022: 50 for hales in just 28 balls! england 84/0 in 8 overs
a single off the last ball of the eighth over to get to that mark. safe to say, india have been hit by the hales storm here.
india vs england t20 live score: six! just too easy for hales
axar pulls his length back, that sits up nicely and hales just smashes that over wide long-on. he has raced to 48 off 25 balls!
ind vs eng live score: six! hales continues
he sweeps the fifth ball of the seventh over fine and the ball hits the boundary on the full. that is his fourth six, and he has hit just one four so far.
india vs england live score: four! england 63/0 in 6 overs!
england have dominated the powerplay and how! buttler pounds axar over midwicket for a four off the last ball of the sixth over. he has raced to 28 off 17 balls, hales is on 33 off 19. virat kohli and hardik pandya were trying to get the majority indian crowd going before the last ball of the over, the whole stadium has gone a bit silent. hales and buttler would see that as a big win by itself.
ind vs eng live score: six! huge sweep from hales!
he goes down on one knee and sends axar patel over the leg side. india look a little bit stunned here, how can they stop this carnage?
india vs england t20 live score: edged but four! 50 up for england
hales gives himself some room, tries to pound it to the offside but ends up edging it between the wicketkeeper and slip for a boundary. some luck going england's way now.
ind vs eng live score: six! england on the charge
shami bowling the fifth over, hales hangs back and launches the second ball over long on. england are 47/0 in 4.2 overs.
india vs england t20 live score: four! shot from buttler!
axar patel brought in for the fifth and buttler goes inside out off his first ball. buttler moves to 22 off 12!
ind vs eng live score: six! hales is off!
knuckle ball from bhuvneshwar, hales steps down the track and sends it soaring over long-off. what a start this is for england, bhuvneshwar has not had a good time here.
india vs england t20 live score: england 21/0 in 2 overs
buttler is on 17 off 10 and hales on two in two. hardik pandya had not entered the field with his team mates, with deepak hooda taking his place. he seems to be getting some last minute treatment on before coming on. seems to be fine.
t20 world cup 2022: four! buttler motoring along!
england are 18/0 in 1.2 overs and hales has faced just one delivery so far. buttler punches this inswinging delivery hard and sends it through deep third man.
live score india vs england: four! england 13/0 in 1 over
all three boundaries hit by buttler in this over. full on leg and buttler clips it away through midwicket. what a start for england!
india vs england live score: four!
length from bhuvneshwar outside off and buttler sends it past point with another drive. so boundaries off the first and third balls for the england captain.
ind vs eng live score: four!
buttler with a boundary off the first legal ball of the innings, with bhuvi's first being called wide. width from bhuvi and buttler leans into the dover drive.
india vs england t20 live score: the players are back!
bhuvneshwar kumar has the ball in his hands, england captain jos buttler takes guard with alex hales at the other end. england need to score 169 to reach the final.
t20 world cup 2022: adil rashid talks
"i thought we bowled well as a team for most part. we kept it tight, kept them under pressure, and i felt okay. i think if you'd said 168 in the beginning of the day, we'd have been happy with that. we know fours and sixes will come in the end overs."
live score india vs england: india 168/6 in 20 overs
pandya is hit wicket off the last ball! what a recovery this has been from india in the last five overs and it has been led by the all-rounder. he sits a bit too deep in the crease, would have got a four off the last ball as well but he steps on his own stumps so the runs don't count. he walks back having scored 63 off 33 balls. his 61-run stand with virat kohli off 40 balls helped set the stage for that late push. kohli managed to keep the indian innings together while wickets fell around him, walking in to bat in the second over itself and falling only in the 18th.
t20 world cup 2022: four off the next ball!
india 168/5 with one ball to go. pandya has kicked up a storm in these last few overs. full toss from jordan pandya pulls it to the square leg boundary. asks if it was a no ball but the umpires deem it's a legal delivery.
india vs england t20 live score: six! oh hardik pandya!
this has turned out to be an excellent recovery from india and pandya has led it.
ind vs eng live score: out! pant sacrifices himself
pandya had to take strike for the last three balls, runs from the non-striker's end for a single that was never there. pant gets out of the crease and he is the man who has to walk. pant gives pandya a thumbs up, it is all on the all-rounder now.
india vs england live score: four! stokes messes it up, fifty for pandya!
oh, look away england fans, this is an ugly one from your talisman and test captain. pandya has hit that straight to stokes at the boundary, he catches it and then drops the egg! the evil ball rolls between his legs and goes to the boundary, stokes collapses to try and stop it, gets into an almighty tangle and remains in contact with the ropes while palming the ball away. india 156/4 in 19 overs.
live score india vs england: six! pandya goes kaboom!
the next ball, fifth ball short and slow from curran and pandya smashes it over deep midwicket for six. what a hand he is playing here, india 152/4
india vs england live score: four! nicely done by pandya
wide and full, pandya meets it with an open bat face as both these players clearly target those square boundaries.
ind vs eng live score: four! pant off his first ball!
slow ball from sam curran for the second delivery of the 19th, pant waits for it and cuts it over the in-field for four. kind of like how he does in test cricket.
india vs england live score: out! it's kohli!
off the very next ball! wide yorker from jorda, kohli meets it and low with an open bat face and hits it to third man.
kohli c rashid b jordan 50 (40), india 136/4 in 18 overs
ind vs eng live score: 50 for kohli!
he finally gets strike, tries to reach the cover boundary but he can only run two. that brings up his half century.
t20 world cup 2022: back to back sixes!
jordan sends in the first ball of the 18th shirt and wide, pandya powers it over the midwicket boundary. then jordan goes full, tries to get a yorker in, pandya almost gets a helicopter shot out to send it over backward square leg. india 133/3 in 17.2 overs. well, well, well…
india vs england live score: six! flat one from pandya!
sam curran bowling the 17th, the first ball is short on off stump, pandya grinds his wrists to slap that over cover for a maximum.
ind vs eng live score: india 110/3 in 16 overs
10 runs off the 16th, jordan has two more left and so india will have to deal with him again in the death. this is still looking gloomy for the indians, they have to somehow get as many as 50 runs in the next four overs to ensure that they reach even 160 and that would probably be the bare minimum to put england's power-hitters under pressure.
india vs england t20 live score: four!
the very next ball! wide half volley from jordan, not the best of deliveries but kohli places it perfectly to beat the fielders and send it to the boundary.
t20 world cup 2022: close shave for kohli
second ball of the 16th bowled by jordan is a yorker from hell. kohli stumbles and falls as jordan appeals, the umpire shakes his head and buttler goes for the review. as it turns out, it's only the umpire's call that is held up. kohli with a wry smile on his face. kohli yet to be dismissed in t20is in adelaide.
live score india vs england: four! india 100/3 in 15 overs
looped up half volley from livingstone, not the best of deliveries and kohli cashes in. jordan is running to his left from long on but can't get there and india's 100 comes up. they need to really accelarate now.
t20 world cup 2022: four! smmmmmashed by pandya!
livingstone bowls the 15th, goes a bit too full on off stump and pandya charges down and lasers it down the ground. kohli had to be quick to get out of the way of that one. india are 95/3 in 14.2 overs
india vs england t20 live score: four! much needed for india
width from woakes, kohli puts it past the third man fielder for a much needed boundary.
ind vs eng live score: pandya ahead of pant!
as is the case on a number of occasions, india show that they have different ideas from all those talking about the game. rashid is bowling but they choose to bring in pandya ahead of pant. india are 80/3 in 13, need to get a move on now.
india vs england t20 live score: out! sky falls!
that is a big moment. slow leg break from him, outside off, sky goes aerial but this time holes out at deep cover. how important is that going to be in the context of this game.
suryakumar yadav c salt b rashid 14 (10), india 75/3 in 11.2 overs
t20 world cup 2022: four! sky up and running
that six came off the second last ball of the 11th over, the last ball from stokes is full and wide and suryakumar smashes it to the cover boundary.
live score india vs england: six! sky reaches for the sky
short from stokes, suryakumar somehow pulls it so fine you could say it's gone over the wicketkeeper's head. there you go, has it begun? has the sky opened up and is it going to rain sixes?
india vs england live score: india 62/2 in 10 overs
whether it is india or england who won these first 10 overs will be completely dependent on what happens in the next 5 overs. the run rate is just over six and two wickets have gone but in kohli and suryakumar, england know they have two players who can end any chances of them reaching the final right here.
ind vs eng live score: the big show is in
cheers around the ground as suryakumar yadav walks in. this is the partnership for england. kohli and sky have caused a lot of damage to a lot of teams around the world in the last few months.
india vs england t20 live score: gone! that's it for rohit!
that is a wonderful catch from sam curran. rohit goes for a wild heave through the line. he had no timing on it and the ball balloons up in the air. sam curran comes running in from deep backward square, dives forward in time and holds on to the ball. brilliant stuff.
rohit c curran b jordan 27 (28), india 56/2 in 8.5 overs
ind vs eng live score: four! a beauty from rohit!
that almost went over cover for the flattest of sixes. a touch too full from jordan, rohit lifts it over infield and the ball goes careening to the boundary. the ball takes a bounce just before it crosses the rope.
india vs england t20 live score: india 51/1 after eight overs
here comes chris jordan. he may have not played too much of a role in this t20 world cup but everyone knows him as a lethal death over bowler in the ipl. let's see what he can do here.
t20 world cup 2022: four!
livingstone bowling the seventh and kohli rolls his wrists over to drive the third ball over the bowler's head to the boundary. what a shot that is.
live score india vs england: end of powerplay, india 38/1
honours shared one would say in that powerplay. 38 is not a lot of runs and india did lose an opener early, but they have nine wickets in hand and rohit and kohli seem to have got their eye in. at the same time, the fact remains that england have done well to restrict them and so, it's a tie.
india vs england live score: four!
rohit welcomes adil rashid with a slog sweep over backward square leg first ball. those square boundaries are the shorter ones and rohit is looking to get there almost every ball no.
india vs england live score: dropped but extraordinary fielding!
it's all happening in this over. rohit tries to cut the next delivery past backward point, harry brook is there and he flings himself to his right, makes contact with the ball but can't quite hold on. but he has saved a certain boundary there. the over ends with two dot balls, india are 31/1 in five overs.
ind vs eng live score: back to back fours from rohit!
the next delivery from curran is short but rohit hits it to the same area. rohit comes down the track and pulls this one and that should make the indian captain feel very happy indeed.
india vs england t20 live score: four! rohit is off
second delivery of the fifth over by sam curran and it comes nicely into his arc on the pads, rohit puts it over midwicket for his first boundary of the match.
t20 world cup 2022: india 21/1 in 4 overs
10 runs from the over. rohit tries to lap that last ball to the leg side but toe-ends that shot and it becomes a dot ball. the indian captain visibly frustrated with that.
live score india vs england: six! glorious from kohli!
woakes goes a little too full and kohli punishes him for it. beautifully lifted over covers for the first six of the match. that was a sight for sore eyes. the indian crowd has found its voice with that shot.
india vs england live score: early close call for kohli!
kohli edges it off curran second ball of the third over and it falls just short of slips. india living dangerously here.
ind vs eng live score: gone! rahul falls to woakes!
oh he has taken a waft at that and edges behind! extra bounce, just nipping away from the right hander and buttler makes no mistake with the grab.
rahul c buttler b woakes 5 (5), india 9/1 in 1.4 overs
india vs england live score: 6/0 after the first over
a single for each of the batters and three balls after that first-ball four. rahul was beaten off the fifth ball. chris woakes comes in for the second over.
live score india vs england: four off the first ball!
length delivery from stokes, over the wicket and outside off, rahul slashes at it, the ball takes a top edge and flies to the boundary behind third man. that is a lightening fast outfield.
t20 world cup 2022: ben stokes bowling the first over
stokes has got a lot of early swing in recent matches and so england stick with him as their opening bowler. kl rahul facing up. the countdown is done and here we go.
india vs england t20 live score: here we go then!
rohit sharma and kl rahul stay back as the rest of the indian players make their way off the ground alongwith the mascots and the camera crews. the england players go out to their fielding positions.
t20 world cup 2022: national anthems coming up
in just a few minutes, we will see the two teams walking out at the adelaide oval. it's all simmering nicely at the ground.
india vs england live score: hardik pandya talks
“very excited. semifinal of a world cup. every ball will matter from here. very excited. at the same time, trying to keep calm and follow the processes that got us here. a lot of people keep asking how do you find yourself calm in these situations. a lot of that comes from preparation. if you prepare well and tick all the boxes, if you're confident about your skills, you will be calm. sometimes i feel that we aren't batting well or maybe they (sky, kohli) have been batting too well (laughs). he (kohli) has been doing this for years, i still think he got his international opportunity two years late, god is really kind still and he has been fantastic for us.”
india vs england semi-finals live: rohit sharma's words
we would have batted first anyway. we've played some good cricket, another opportunity for us to play the same way we have all tournament. important to hold the nerve and take the game will the end. we've played these guys a fair bit in recent years and know what strengths-weaknesses they have. important to exploit that. important to stay calm and do what we want to do. it (injury) was a scare but i'm fine now. the kind of talent we have, it was a tough one (to pick the xi). same team for us.
t20 world cup live score: what jos buttler said
“we're going to bowl first. there is going to be a great atmosphere here. dimensions are different, we will have to adapt. we have two changes - malan and wood are out with injuries - salt and jordan come in. looks a good wicket. hope it stays well the whole game.”
ind vs eng live score: england xi
jos buttler(w/c), alex hales, philip salt, ben stokes, harry brook, liam livingstone, moeen ali, sam curran, chris jordan, chris woakes, adil rashid
t20 world cup semi-finals live score: india xi
kl rahul, rohit sharma(c), virat kohli, suryakumar yadav, hardik pandya, rishabh pant(w), axar patel, ravichandran ashwin, bhuvneshwar kumar, mohammed shami, arshdeep singh
t20 world cup live score: toss alert!
jos buttler has won the toss, england to bowl first. rohit sharma says that he would have chosen to bat first anyway. everyone's happy here.
ind vs eng live score: the captains are in the middle
rohit sharma and jos buttler are out there, ravi shastri gets his voice to thunder around the adelaide oval. here we go then!
india vs england live score: dk giving pant some keeping drills
there is a very good chance that the team may have to choose between these two but india's wicketkeepers remain united. karthik could be seen giving pant some edge catching practice.
t20 world cup live score: the pitch
one of the features in adelaide is short square boundaries and extremely long straight boundaries. “looks to be an absolute belter. there is a cover of grass that should help the surface to hold together and the best part is that it's a rock-hard surface. the average score here has been 157 but this looks a high-scoring track,” reckon pommie mbangwa and shane watson.
ind vs eng live score: good signs for england fans?
mark wood seems to be warming up with the rest of his team mates. reason to smile for england fans?
t20 world cup live score: rain check
adelaide has been receiving bright toasty sunshine over the last few days but there were some showers last night. fear not, though, the forecast is all clear today during the match.
ind vs eng live score: yuvi's six sixes game
the first time india met england in the t20 world cup ended up producing a highlight reel that has never been seen since in a major tournament. yuvraj singh got into a bit of an argy bargy with andrew flintoff and he took it out on a young stuart broad. he smashed six sixes in that over, reaching his half century in 12 balls and that remains the quickest any player has reached that mark in international cricket.
t20 world cup semi-finals live score: kohli and rohit's injury scares
india's two senior most batters had a bit of a scare in the nets going into this match. rohit copped a blow to his right arm while kohli got a hit on the groin. both players seem to fine though.
t20 world cup live score: the middle order games
india's middle order has managed six 50+ scores while none of the england middle-order batters have yet aggregated 60 runs across the tournament.
ind vs eng live score: under an hour to go for the toss!
no team has won a men's t20i at the adelaide oval after winning the toss in 11 games. so it seems pretty obvious what the team winning the toss is going to do unless conditions tell them otherwise of course. in this tournament, the team winning the toss has never won a match. on the other hand, it has to be noted that it was the team that was clearly the weaker side who somehow won the toss on all those occassions and between india and england, you really can't pick an obvious favourite.
india vs england semi-finals live: bhuvi vs buttler
both these players are ipl regulars and so have faced each other a number of times and buttler has not had too much of a great time facing bhuvneshwar. in t20 internationals, bhuvi has dismissed buttler five times in 30 balls. buttler is opening the batting for england, bhuvi normally opens the bowling for india. danger signs?
t20 world cup semi-finals live score: ben stokes at no.3
you can ask as many questions as you want but ben stokes showed in the nervy match against afghanistan that when england need a result in a big match, he is the man they can depend on. stokes' low scores and strike rates had led to questions on whether he deserves a place in this batting lineup, ignoring the fact that he was also a necessary part of england's pace battery and an ace fielder. he didn't smash the ball out of the park in that game against afghanistan, instead he did what was needed but the other players couldn't do - keep calm and keep knocking the ball into gaps to run the ones and twos. malan's injury meant that he was brought in at no.3 and it looked like that is the perfect position for the superstar all-rounder. there will be no surprises if he walks in at that position today in adelaide.
india vs england semi-finals live: virat kohli's adelaide love story
kohli's adelaide stats don't make for pretty reading for england fans. kohli averages 75.58 at the adelaide oval, with two one-day international hundreds to add to his three in four tests. “i absolutely love playing in this ground. right from the nets at the back, as soon as i enter, it makes me feel at home. that knock at mcg was meant to be, but when i come here, it's like i'm meant to come to adelaide and enjoy my batting. as soon as i knew the wc was in australia, i was grinning from ear to ear,” kohli said immediately after the win over bangladesh, which was india's last match at the ground in this tournament. he was player of the match for scoring an unbeaten 64 in 44 balls. "i knew good cricketing shots would be the key. i knew the kind of experience and game awareness of having played in australia will come in handy for the team"
t20 world cup live score: sky has no limit
or so it seemed when he was playing shots hitherto unseen since a certain south african ab de villiers was at his pomp during india's match against zimbabwe. he has scored 225 runs in five innings thus far in this tournament at a strike rate of, wait for it, 193.96. his career strike rate stands at 179.63 in t20is in 37 innings, scoring 1270 runs at an average of 42.33. his stats are just screaming out loud and yet, you get a full measure of his talent only when you watch him play an innings in which he has faced more than 10 balls.
ind vs eng live score: england's full squad
jos buttler(w/c), alex hales, dawid malan, ben stokes, harry brook, liam livingstone, moeen ali, sam curran, chris woakes, adil rashid, mark wood, chris jordan, david willey, tymal mills, philip salt
india vs england live score: india's full squad
kl rahul, rohit sharma(c), virat kohli, suryakumar yadav, hardik pandya, rishabh pant(w), axar patel, ravichandran ashwin, bhuvneshwar kumar, mohammed shami, arshdeep singh, dinesh karthik, yuzvendra chahal, harshal patel, deepak hooda
ind vs eng live score: india vs pakistan final?
imagine if that happened. the opening match between these two was pretty much the showstopper of this tournament, even though there have been upsets and thrillers that arguably match up to the sheer tension and drama of that game right until the last ball. but that is almost certain to pale in comparison to the spectacle that would be on offer at the mcg in the final if it is these two sides who are going to play it. pakistan were almost perfect to brush new zealand aside in their semi-final and india will have to do something of that sort to get past this dangerous england side first.
india vs england live score: pant over dk for kumble
former india head coach anil kumble says on espncricinfo that india should stick to pant for this game considering it is the adelaide oval, which provides assistance to spin, and he will be a good option against adil rashid.
india vs england semi-finals live: england's injuries
batter dawid malan has sustained a groin injury and fast bowlermark wood is suffering from muscle fitness. while buttler said that the pair have been given time till the morning of the game to be fit, it looks highly unlikely that they will make it to the eleven. phil salt and chris jordan have been going through the paces in the nets.
t20 world cup live score: dk, pant, axar
it's the only real selection dilemma india have and it has come out of bad form. dinesh karthik and axar patel haven't exactly been able to live up to the standards required to remain in the ultra-competitive first eleven of this team. rishabh pant, on the other hand, seems wholly unsuited for any role apart from the top order but then, the top four of rohit, rahul, kohli and sky simply cannot be touched. there is a very good chance that karthik will be warming the bench today considering the match-up that pant provides against adil rashid and axar patel's ability with both bat and ball.
india vs england live score: hello and welcome!
the two sides have faced each other in a bilateral series this year and it didn't end very well for england at their own home. however, the good news for them is that their captain jos buttler is far more settled in this role than he was back then - the india series was england's first since talismanic skipper eoin morgan's retirement. moreover, the team had embarked upward curve just before the start of the tournament. at the same time, india have looked as strong as ever in this world cup with their batters and bowlers clicking at different points. there are some delicious match-ups on offer as well. let's sink our teeth into it.
